---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 80. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
My ... husband picks up ... local newspaper every morning from ... vending machine on our ... way to ... work. ... other morning, ... girl who appeared to be about 6 was in ... front of him in ... line, buying ... paper for her ... mother, who was sitting in ... car. ... child put ... money for one ... paper in ... slot and took two ... newspapers!
My ... husband said to her, "Oh, is this two-for-one day?" ... child did not reply. She just took ... two ... newspapers to her ... mother.
This is stealing, pure and simple. I wonder what this ... mother is going to think when her ... daughter becomes ... teen and gets arrested for ... shop 
lifting at ... mall? I suppose she'll wonder where her ... daughter got ... idea that it is OK to take something without paying for it.
... mother missed ... opportunity to teach her ... child right from wrong. If ... child took ... extra newspaper in ... error, ... mother should have instructed her to put it back. However, if she put ... child up to it — shame on her.
</section>

<section class="answer">
My husband picks up the local newspaper every morning from a vending machine on our way to work. The other morning, a girl who appeared to be about 6 was in front of him in line, buying the paper for her mother, who was sitting in the car. The child put the money for one paper in the slot and took two newspapers! My husband said to her, "Oh, is this two-for-one day?" The child did not reply. She just took the two newspapers to her mother. This is stealing, pure and simple. I wonder what this mother is going to think when her daughter becomes a teen and gets arrested for shoplifting at the mall? I suppose she'll wonder where her daugter got the idea that it is OK to take something without paying for it. The mother missed an opportunity to teach her child right from wrong. If the child took the extra newspaper in error, the mother should have instructed her to put it back. However, if she put the child up to it — shame on her.
</section>