---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 212.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. The cat (to take) a piece of fish and then (to run) away. 2. He (to read) a newspaper when I (to come) in. 3. Yesterday I (to get) up at seven o'clock.

4. The train (to start) at fifteen minutes to ten.

5. He (to put) on his coat and cap, (to open) the door and (to go) out. 6. At this time yesterday I (to sit) at the theatre. 7. Не (to come) back to St. Petersburg on the 15th of January. 8. I (to go) to the institute when I (to see) him. 9. At this time yesterday we (to have) dinner. 10. He (to write) a letter when I (to come) in. 11. He (to make) a report when I (to leave) the meeting. 12. Yesterday he (to write) a letter to his friend. 13. When I (to look) at them, they (to smile) at me. 14. What you (to do) at six o'clock yesterday? 15. I (to go) to bed at half past eleven. 16. Yesterday the lesson (to begin) at nine o'clock. 17. When somebody (to knock) at the door, she (to argue) with her husband. 18. When Pete (to jog) in the park in the morning, he (to lose) his Walkman. 19. When the police (to take) the thief to the car, I (to go) to the cinema to see the new Tom Cruise film. 20. He (to shave) when he (to hear) her scream.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. The cat took, ran. 2. He was reading, I came. 3. I got. 4. The train started. 5. He put, opened, went. 6. I was sitting. 7. He came. 8. I was going, I saw. 9. We were having. 10. He was writing, I came. 11. He was making, I left. 12. He wrote. 13. I looked, they were smiling. 14. What were you doing. 15. I went. 16. The lesson began. 17. Somebody knocked, she was arguing. 18. Pete was jogging, he lost. 19. The police took, I was going. 20. He was shaving, he heard.
</section>