---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 217.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в одном из следующих времен: Present Simple, Past Simple, Present Continuous, Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Where you (to be) yesterday? — I (to be) at home the whole day. — How strange. I (to ring) you up at two o'clock, but nobody (to answer). — Oh, I (to be) in the garden. I (to read) your book and (not to hear) the telephone. 2. What you (to do) at five o'clock yesterday? — I (to work) in the library. — I (to be) there, too, but I (not to see) you. 3. Nina (to celebrate) her birthday yesterday. Her room looked beautiful, there (to be) many flowers in it. When I (to come) in, somebody (to play) the piano, two or three pairs (to dance). 4. Listen! Somebody (to play) the piano. 5. I (to like) music very much. 6. When I (to look) out of the window, it (to rain) heavily and people (to hurry) along the streets. 7. What you (to do) at seven o'clock yesterday? — I (to have) supper. 8. When I (to come) home yesterday, I (to see) that all my family (to sit) round the table. Father (to read) a letter from my uncle, who (to live) in Kiev. 9. Yesterday I (to work) at my English from five till seven. 10. It (to rain) the whole day yesterday. 11. Where your sister (to be) now? — She (to be) in her room. She (to do) her homework.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Where were you, I was, I rang, nobody answered, I was, I was reading, did not hear. 2. What were you doing, I was working, I was, I did not see. 3. Nina celebrated, there were, I came, somebody was playing, two or three pairs were dancing. 4. Somebody is playing. 5. I like. 6. I looked, it was raining, people were hurrying. 7. What were you doing, I was having. 8.I came, I saw, were sitting, father was reading, who lives. 9. I was working. 10. It was raining. 11. Where is your sister, she is, she is doing.
</section>