---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 56.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. My brother read to me ... extract from ... book which he had brought ... day before. ... main character of ... book is ... young doctor who went to ...
distant village in ... Siberia. 2. ... weather was very bad in ... October. 3. When he came into ... room, he saw ... man sitting on ... sofa. He at once remembered that it was ... man he had seen at ... theatre ... night before. 4. Yesterday I saw ... film you are speaking about. 5. He took ... taxi and gave ... address to ... driver. 6. Tower Bridge is ... first bridge over ... Thames coming from ... sea. Built in 1894, it is ... suspension bridge. ... central portion of it can be opened to admit ... ships to ... docks in this part of ... river. When ... ship arrives, ... traffic is stopped and ... great bridge opens in ... centre: its two halves go up into ... air and ... ship passes through.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My brother read to me an extract from the book which he had brought the day before. The main character of the book is a young doctor who went to a distant village in Siberia. 2. The weather was very bad in October. 3. When he came into the room, he saw a man sitting on the sofa. He at once remembered that it was the man he had seen at the theatre the night before. 4. Yesterday I saw the film you are speaking about. 5. He took a taxi and gave the address to the driver. 6. Tower Bridge is the first bridge over the Thames coming from the sea. Built in 1894 it is a suspension bridge. The central portion of it can be opened to admit ships to the docks in this part of the river. When a ship arrives, the traffic is stopped and the great bridge opens in the centre: its two halves go up into the air and the ship passes through.
</section>