---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 42. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. Let's go to ... shop. I must buy ... bread and ... milk. 2. I was at ... cinema yesterday. — What ... film did you see? — Oh, I saw ... very good film. I think it is ... best film of ... year. 3. Do you often go to ... theatre? — No, I don't. I like to go to ...
theatre, but I am very busy. I work from ... morning till ... night. I even have no ... time to play ... piano. 4. Oleg has ... lot of ... interesting books at ... home. 5. ... lot of ... tourists from ... different countries come to ... St. Petersburg. They want to see one of ... most beautiful cities in ... world. 6. My new friend said to me: "I am ... student of ... first course." 7. We went to ... cinema in ... evening. 8. What ... foreign languages does your father speak? — He speaks .... English. He studied ... English at ... school. 9. I am interested in ... history. 10. We played ... tennis at ... lesson of ... physical training yesterday. We had ... good time. 11. Did you go for ... walk yesterday? — No, we didn't. ... weather was bad, and we went to ... cinema. 12. What are your friends doing? — Mary is playing ... piano. Tom and Nick are playing ... chess.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Let's go to the shop, I must buy some bread and milk. 2. I was at the cinema yesterday. — What film did you see? — Oh, I saw a very good film. I think it is the best film of the year. 3. Do you often go to the theatre? — No, I don't. I like to go to the theatre, but I am very busy. I work from morning till night. I even have no time to play the piano. 4. Oleg has a lot of interesting books at home. 5. A lot of tourists from different countries come to St. Petersburg. They want to see one of the most beautiful cities in the world. 6. My new friend said to me: "I am a student of the first course." 7. We went to the cinema in the evening. 8. What foreign languages does your father speak? — He speaks English. He studied English at school. 9. I am interested in history. 10. We played tennis at the lesson of physical training yesterday. We had a good time. 11. Did you go for a walk yesterday? — No, we didn't. The weather was bad, and we went to the cinema. 12. What are your friends doing? — Mary is playing the piano. Tom and Nick are playing chess.
</section>