---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 3.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. This is ... pen. ... pen is red. 2. These are pencils. ... pencils are black. 3. This is ... spup. ... soup is tasty. 4. In the morning I eat ... sandwich and drink ... tea. 5. She gave me ... coffee and ... cake. ... coffee was hot. ... cake was tasty. 6. Do you like ... ice cream? 7. I see ... book in your ... hand. Is ... book interesting? 8. Do you need ... camera? 9. He never eats ... meat, he always eats ... vegetables, ... cereals, ... seeds, ... fruit, and ... nuts. He is ... vegetarian. 10. This is ... pineapple. ... pineapple is delicious. 11. Elaine, ... apples are good for you!

12. My ... cousin is upset. He's got ... sore throat.

13. This is ... cottage cheese. ... cottage cheese is fresh. 14. She bought ... meat, ... butter and ... potatoes yesterday. She also bought ... cake. ... cake was very ... tasty. We ate ... cake with ... tea.

15. This is my ... table. On ... table I have ... book, two ... pencils, ... pen and ... paper. 16. This is ... bag. ... bag is brown. It is my sister's ... bag. And this is my ... bag. It is ... yellow.<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. This is a pen. The pen is red. 2. These are pencils. The pencils are black. 3. This is soup. The soup is tasty. 4. In the morning I eat a sandwich and drink tea. 5. She gave me coffee and a cake. The coffee was hot. The cake was tasty. 6. Do you like ice cream? 7. I see a book in your hand. Is the book interesting? 8. Do you need a camera? 9. He never eats meat, he always eats vegetables, cereals, seeds, fruit, and nuts. He is a vegetarian. 10. This is a pineapple. The pineapple is delicious. 11. Elaine, apples are good for you! 12. My cousin is upset. He's got a sore throat. 13. This is cottage cheese. The cottage cheese is fresh. 14. She bought meat, butter and potatoes yesterday. She also bought a cake. The cake was very tasty. We ate the cake with tea. 15. This is my table. On the table I have a book, two pencils, a pen and paper. 16. This is a bag. The bag is brown. It is my sister's bag. And this is my bag. It is yellow.
</section>