---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 66.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
One ... day ... father and his ... rich ... family took his ... son on ... trip to ... country with ... firm
... purpose of showing him how poor ... people can be. They spent ... day and ... night at ... farm of ... very poor family. When they returned from their ... trip, ... father asked his ... son, "How was ... trip?" "Very good, Dad!" "Did you see how poor ... people can be?" ... father asked. "Yeah!" "And what did you learn?" ... son replied: "I saw that we have ... dog at ... home, and they have four. We have ... pool that reaches to ... middle of ... garden; they have ... river that has no ... end. We have ... imported lamps in ... garden; they have ... stars. Our ... patio reaches to ... front yard; they have ... whole horizon." When ... little boy finished speaking, his ... father was speechless. His ... son added, "Thanks, Dad, for showing me how poor we are."
</section>

<section class="answer">
One day a father and his rich family took his son on a trip to the country with the firm purpose of showing him how poor people can be. They spent a day and a night at the farm of a very poor family. When they returned from their trip, the father asked his son, "How was the trip?" "Very good, Dad!" "Did you see how poor people can be?" the father asked. "Yeah!" "And what did you learn?" The son replied: "I saw that we have a dog at home, and they have four. We have a pool that reaches to the middle of the garden; they have a river that has no end» We have imported lamps in the garden; they have the stars. Our patio reaches to the front yard; they have a whole horizon." When a little boy finished speaking, his father was speechless. His son added, "Thanks, Dad for showing me how poor we are."
</section>