---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 156. Вставьте глагол to be в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. What ... your name? — My name ... Shirley Frank. 2. What ... your address? — My address ... 175 Grand Central Parkway. 3. What... your phone number? — My phone number ... 718-1930. 4. Where ... you from? — I ... from New York. 5. I ... a pupil. 6. My father ... not a teacher, he ... a scientist. 7. ... your aunt a doctor? — Yes, she ... . 8. ... they at home? — No, they ... not at home, they ... at work. 9. My brother ... a worker. He ... at work. 10. ... you an engineer? — Yes, I ... . 11. ... your sister a typist? — No, she ... not a typist, she ... a student. 12. ... your brother at school? — Yes, he ... . 13. ... your sister at school? — No, she ... not at school. 14. My sister ... at home. 15. ... this your watch? — Yes, it ... . 16. She ... an actress. 17. This ... my bag. 18. My uncle ... an office worker. 19. He ... at work. 20. Helen ... a painter. She has some fine pictures. They ... on the walls. She has much paper. It ... on the shelf. The shelf ... brown. It ... on the wall. Helen has a brother. He ... a student. He has a family. His family ... not in St. Petersburg, it ... in Moscow.
 <p></p>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. What is  your name? — My name is  Shirley Frank. 
 2. What is  your address? — My address is  175 Grand Central Parkway. 
 3. What is  your phone number? — My phone number  is 718-1930. 
 4. Where are  you from? — I am  from New York. 
 5. I am  a pupil. I go to school. 
 6. My father is  not a teacher, he  is  a scientist. 
 7. Is  your aunt a doctor? — Yes, she is.  
 8. Are  they at home? — No, they are  not at home, they are  at work. 
 9. My brother is  a worker. He is  at work.  
 10. Are  you an engineer? — Yes, I am.  
 11. Is  your sister a typist? — No, she is  not a typist, she is  a student. 
 12. Is  your brother at school? — Yes, he is.  
 13. Is  your sister at school? — No, she is  not at school.  
 14. My sister is  at home.  
 15. Is  this your watch? — Yes, it is.  
 16. She is  an actress.  
 17. This is  my bag.  
 18. My uncle is  an office worker.  
 19. He is  at work. 
 20. Helen is  a painter.  
 She has some fine pictures. They are  on the walls. She has much paper. It is  on the shelf. The shelf is  brown. It is  on the wall. Helen has a brother. He is  a student. He has a family. His family is  not in St. Petersburg, it is  in Moscow.
</section>