---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 64.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. During ... vacation I attended some interesting lectures. I remember two of ... lectures best of all. They were about ... Russian music. 2. I am sure he won't stay in ... town for ... vacation. 3. Two weeks are left before ... end of ... school year. ... examinations are coming. On ... first of ... June we shall take ... examination in ... literature. 4. Today is my day off. I am going to spend ... day in ... country. 5. My brother brought ... new book yesterday. When I looked at ... title, I was very glad: it was ... book which I had wanted to get for ... long time. 6. My sister is acquainted with ... actor who played ... leading part in ... play you saw yesterday.
7. "What... river is ... longest in ... Europe?" "Why, what ... strange question to ask! Any schoolboy can tell you that it is ... Volga." 8. I am afraid you will have ... lot of ... trouble with this business. 9. ... day was not bright yesterday. ... sky was covered with ... clouds.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. During the vacation I attended some interesting lectures. I remember two of the lectures best of all. They were about Russian music. 2. I am sure he won't stay in town for the vacation. 3. Two weeks are left before the end of the school year. The examinations are coming. On the first of June we shall take an examination in literature. 4, Today is my day off. I am going to spend the day in the country. 5. My brother brought a new book yesterday. When I looked at the title, I was very glad: it was the book which I had wanted to get for a long time. 6. My sister is acquainted with the actor who played the leading part in the play you saw yesterday. 7. "What river is the longest in Europe?" "Why, what a strange question to ask! Any schoolboy can tell you that it is the Volga." 8. I am afraid you will have a lot of trouble with this business. 9. The day was not bright yesterday. The sky was covered with clouds.
</section>