---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 58.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
... guide was once showing ... group of ... rich American tourists ... places of ... interest in ... little town in ... south of ... Italy. He took ... tourists from ... place to ... place, but as ... town was small, after ... while ... guide could not think of anything that might be of ... interest to ... Americans. "Tell us something unusual about... weather or ... climate of this place," said ... American lady to ... guide. "What can I tell her about our climate?" thought ... guide. Then he had ... idea. "Well," he said, "there is one unusual thing about our climate. One can easily notice that the wind here always blows from ... west." "Really?" said ... lady in ... surprised tone: "What ... interesting thing!" But ... other tourist said: "You must be wrong. Look! ... wind is blowing from ... east now!" At ... first moment ... guide did not know what to say. But he was ... clever man and soon found ... way out. "Oh," he said, "is that so? Well, then it must be ... west wind coming back."
</section>

<section class="answer">
A guide was once showing a group of rich American tourists the places of interest in a little town in the south of Italy. He took the tourists from place to place, but as the town was small, after a while the guide could not think of anything that might be of interest to the Americans. "Tell us something unusual about the weather or the climate of this place," said an American lady to the guide. "What can I tell her about our climate?" thought the guide. Then he had an idea. "Well," he said, ""there is one unusual thing about our climate. One can easily notice that the wind here always blows from the west." "Really?" said the lady in a surprised tone: "What an interesting thing!" But another tourist said: "You must be wrong. Look! The wind is blowing from the east now." At the first moment the guide did not know what to say. But he was a clever man and soon found a way out. "Oh," he said, "Is that so? Well, then it must be the west wind coming back."
</section>