---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 208.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. The girl (to cook) dinner when the lights (to go) out. She (to burn) herself. 2. The boy (to hurt) himself while he (to skate). 3. When the woman (to enter) the room, the children (to feed) the goldfish. 4. When I (to visit) my friends in Denmark, I (to buy) two presents for my family. 5. When it (to start) to rain, we (to bathe) in the river. 6. Yesterday at one o'clock I (to have) lunch at the canteen.

7. When he (to come) in, I (to do) my exercises.

8. What you (to do) at eight o'clock yesterday?

9. At this time yesterday I (to go) home. 10. You (to sleep) when I (to go) out. 11. He (to read) on the sofa when I (to come) in and (to sit) down beside him. 12. I (to walk) along the street with my friend when a tram (to pass). 13. She (to look) out of the window when I (to see) her. 14. We (to answer) the teacher's questions when the headmistress (to enter) the classroom. 15. They (to drink) tea when I (to come) home. 16. He (to walk) along the river when a boat (to pass). 17. The old man (to think) about his plan when he (to fall) asleep. 18. We (to listen) to an interesting lecture yesterday. 19. When I (to enter) the classroom, the teacher (to write) words on the blackboard and the pupils (to copy) them into their exercise books. 20. They (to get) ready to go out when it (to begin) raining.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. The girl was cooking, the lights went out, she burnt (burned). 2. The boy hurt, he was skating. 3. The woman entered, the children were feeding. 4. I was visiting, I bought. 5. It started, we were bathing. 6.I was having. 7. He came, I was doing. 8. What were you doing. 9. I was going. 10. You were sleeping, I went. 11. He was reading, I came, sat. 12.I was walking, a tram passed. 13. She was looking, I saw. 14. We were answering, the headmistress entered. 15. They were drinking, I came. 16. He was walking, a boat passed. 17. The old man was thinking, he fell. 18. We listened. 19. I entered, the teacher was writing, the pupils were copying. 20. They were getting, it began.
</section>