---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 91. Поставьте следующие предложения во множественное число.
category: noun
---
<section class="question">
1. It's a very difficult question to answer. 2. I think I'll have that cake on the right. 3. Look at that pumpkin! It's the biggest one I've seen this year. 4. It this your scarf? 5. That was a cookie jar. 6. What is that child's name? 7. The cat has caught a mouse. 8. There was a lady, a gentleman, a boy and a girl in the room. 9. In the farmyard we could see an ox, a sheep, a cow and a goose. 10. Is this worker an Englishman or a German? — He is a Frenchman. 11. Why don't you eat this potato? 12. This strawberry is still green. 13. The withered leaf has fallen to the ground. 14. Can you see a bird in that tree? 15. Does your tooth still ache? 16. I held up my foot to the fire to warm it. 17. His child studies very well. 18. This man works at our office. 19. There is a new house in our street. 20. This story is very interesting. 21. I have hurt my foot. 22. The wolf has been shot. 23. He keeps his toy in a box. 24. Put this knife on that table.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. They are very 
difficult questions to answer.2. We think we'll have those cakes on the 
right.3. Look at those pumpkins! They are 
the biggest ones we've seen this year. 4. 
Are these your scarves? 5. Those were cookie jars. 6. What are those 
children's names? 7. The cats have caught mice. 8. There were ladies, gentlemen, 
boys and girls in the room. 9. In the farmyard we could see oxen, sheep, cows 
and geese. 10. Are these workers Englishmen or Germans? — They are Frenchmen. 
11. Why don't you eat these potatoes? 12. These strawberries are still green. 
13. The withered leaves have fallen to the ground. 14. Can you see birds in those trees? 15. Do your teeth still 
ache?16. I held up my feet to the fire to warm 
them.17. Their children study very well. 18. These men work 
at our office. 19. There are some new 
houses in our street. 20. These 
stories are very interesting. 21. I have hurt my feet. 22. The wolves have been 
shot. 23. They keep their toys in boxes. 24. Put these knives on those 
tables. 
 
</section>