---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 23.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. Pete has ... small family. He has ... father and ... mother. He has no ... brother, but he has ... sister. His sister is ... pupil. She is ... good girl. She has ... many Russian books, but she has no ... English books. <br>2. There is ... writing desk in ... room. ... writing desk is good. There is ... lamp on ... writing desk.<br> 3. My uncle has ... large family. They are six in ... family.<br> 4. My father is ... engineer. He works at ... big factory.<br> 5. We have ... good library. Our books are in ... big bookcase.<br> 6. Is your sister ... married? <br>7. What do you do after ... breakfast?<br>

— I go to ... school.

 8. When do you come ... home?<br>

— I come ... home at ... half past two. <br>9. Do you like to watch ... TV in ... evening? <br>10. He watches ... television all day. I never do it. I can't watch ... TV very often. But tonight I can spend ... evening in ... front of ... box, because there is ... very interesting ... film on. It is "My Fair Lady" with Rex Harrison and Audrey Hepburn. I love it.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Pete has a small family. He has a father and a mother. He has no brother, but he has a sister. His sister is a pupil. She is a good girl. She has many Russian books, but she has no English books. 2. There is a writing desk in the room. The writing desk is good, There is a lamp on the writing desk. 3. My uncle has a large family. They are six in the family, 4. My father is an engineer. He works at a big factory. 5. We have a good library. Our books are in a big bookcase. 6. Is your sister married? 7. What do you do after breakfast? — I go to school. 8. When do you come home? — I come home at half past two. 9. Do you like to watch TV in the evening? 10. He watches television — all day. I never do it. I can't watch TV very often. But tonight I can spend the evening in front of the box, because there is a very interesting film on. It is "My Fair Lady" with Rex Harrison and Audrey Hepburn. I love it.
</section>