---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 177.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to sit) in the waiting room at the doctor's now. 2. I (not to work) in my office now. 3. Eric (to talk) about his holiday plans, but Kenny (not to listen) to him. He (to think) about his new car at the moment. 4. My friend (to live) in St. Petersburg. 5. My cousin (not to live) in Moscow. 6. The children (not to sleep) now. 7. The children (to play) in the yard every day. 8. They (not to go) to the stadium on Monday. 9. She (to read) in the evening. 10. She (not to read) in the morning. 11. She (not to read) now. 12. I (to write) a composition now. 13. I (not to drink) milk now. 14. I (to go) for a walk after dinner. 15. I (not to go) to the theatre every Sunday. 16. He (not to read) now. 17. He (to play) now. 18. He (to play) now? 19. My mother (to work) at a factory. 20. My aunt (not to work) at a shop. 21. You (to work) at an office? 22. Your father (to work) at this factory? 23. You (to play) chess now? 24. Look at the sky: the clouds (to move) slowly, the sun (to appear) from behind the clouds, it (to get) warmer. 25. How is your brother? — He is not well yet, but his health (to improve) day after day. 26. Listen! Who (to play) the piano in the next room?
27. Henry usually (to wear) glasses and now he (to wear) sunglasses. 28. Who (to listen) to music on his personal stereo over there right now?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I am sitting in the waiting room at the doctor's now. 2.  I am not working in my office now. 3. Eric is talking  about his holiday plans, but Kenny is not listening  to him. He is thinking about his new car at the moment. 4. My friend  lives in St. Petersburg. 5. My cousin does not live  in Moscow. 6. The children  are not sleeping  now. 7. The children play  in the park every day. 8.   They do not go to the stadium on Monday. 9. She reads in the evening. 10. She does not read  in the morning. 11. She is not reading now. 12. I am writing  a composition now. 13. I am not drinking milk now. 14. I go for a walk after dinner. 15. I do not go  to the theatre every Sunday. 16. He is not reading now. 17. He is playing now. 18. Is he playing now? 19. My mother works at a factory. 20. My aunt does not work  at a shop. 21. Do you to work  at an office? 22. Does your father  work  at this factory? 23.  Are you playing chess now? 24. Look at the sky: the clouds are moving  slowly, the sun  is appearing from behind the clouds, it  is getting  warmer. 25. How is your brother? — He is not well yet, but his health is improving  day after day. 26. Listen! Who is playing the piano in the next room?
27. Henry usually wears  glasses and now he he is wearing  sunglasses. 28. Who is listening  to music on his personal stereo over there right now?
</section>