---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 10.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. I see ... bottle of ... pineapple ... juice on ... kitchen table. 2. Her ... son has ... great ... sense of ... humor. 3. There was ... discotheque at ... club last Saturday but he didn't go. 4. Is there ... bus stop near ... building? 5. We have ... big dog. ... dog is very clever. 6. My friend has ... very good computer. 7. This ... boy is big. He is ... student. 8. There is ... very big piano in ... hall. 9. This is ... tree and that is not ... tree. It's ... bush. 10. I am ... boy. I am ... pupil. I learn at ... school. 11. My sister is at... work. She is ... secretary. She works at ... large office. 12. This is ... very difficult question. I don't know ... answer to it. 13. Do you see ... little girl with ... big ball in her ... hands? She is ... pupil of our ... school. 14. There was ... beautiful flower in this ... vase yesterday. Where is ... flower now? 15. Last year we were in Geneva. It is ... exciting city to visit, but ... very expensive place to live.

<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I see a bottle of pineapple juice on the kitchen table. 2. Her son has a great sense of humor. 3. There was a discotheque at the club last Saturday but he didn't go. 4. Is there a bus stop near the building? 5. We have a big dog. The dog is very clever. 6. My friend has a very good computer. 7. This boy is big. He is a student. 8. There is a very big piano in the hall. 9. This is a tree and that is not a tree. It's a bush. 10. I am a boy. I am a pupil. I learn at school. 11. My sister is at work. She is a secretary. She works at a large office. 12. This is a very difficult question. I don't know the answer to it. 13. Do you see a little girl with a big ball in her hands? She is a pupil of our school. 14. There was a beautiful flower in this vase yesterday. Where is the flower now? 15. Last year we were in Geneva. It is an exciting city to visit, but a very expensive place to live.
</section>