---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 50. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Once there lived ... king. His name was Midas. He had ... little daughter. They lived in ... beautiful palace with ... wonderful garden around it. Now ... king was very fond of ... gold. He loved ... gold more than anything else in ... world. One day, when ... king was looking at his gold, ... young man appeared before him. "You are ... very rich man, Midas," said ... young man. "Yes," said ... king, "but I would like to be richer. I would like to have ... golden touch. I want everything that I touch to turn into ... gold." ... young man was ... magician, and he gave ... king ... golden touch which he wanted to have. ... king was very happy. He touched ... table, and ... table became gold. He went into ... garden. There were ... beautiful roses in ... garden. He touched ... roses, and they also became gold. ... king's daughter, who loved ... roses very much, saw it and began to cry. "Don't cry, ... dear daughter," said ... king and touched his daughter's head. ... next moment... girl turned into ... beautiful gold statue.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Once there lived a king. His name was Midas. He had a little daughter. They lived in a beautiful palace with a wonderful garden around it. Now the king was very fond of gold. He loved gold more than anything else in the world. One day, when the king was looking at his gold, a young man appeared before him. "You are a very rich man, Midas," said the young man. "Yes," said the king, "but I would like to be richer. I would like to have a golden touch. I want everything that I touch to turn into gold." The young man was a magician, and he gave the king the golden touch which he wanted to have. The king was very happy. He touched a table, and the table became gold. He went into the garden. There were beautiful roses in the garden. He touched the roses, and they also became gold. The king's daughter, who loved the roses very much, saw it and began to cry. "Don't cry, dear daughter", said the king and touched his daughter's head. The next moment the girl turned into a beautiful gold statue.
</section>