---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 67.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
... room in which ... boys were fed was ... large stone hall, with ... copper at one end, out of which ... cook took ... gruel which he put into each bowl at ... mealtimes. Each boy had one portion of ... gruel, and no more, and on ... Sundays they had two ounces and ... quarter of ... bread besides. ... bowls never needed washing — ... boys polished them with their spoons till they shone again. At last ... boys got so wild with ... hunger that one boy said he was afraid he would some night eat ... boy who slept next to him. ... boys believed him. ... council was held. Oliver was chosen to go up to ... cook that evening after ... supper and ask for more. ... evening arrived, and ... boys took their places. ... cook stood at ... copper. ... gruel was served out and disappeared. Then Oliver rose from ... table and advancing to ... cook, said in ... weak voice: "Please, sir, I want some
more." ... cook was ... healthy man, but he turned pale. "What?" said he in ... trembling voice. ... man could not believe his ears.
</section>

<section class="answer">
The room in which the boys were fed was a large stone hall, with a copper at one end, out of which the cook took gruel which he put into each bowl at mealtimes. Each boy had one portion of gruel and no more, and on Sundays they had two ounces and a quarter of bread besides. The bowls never needed washing — the boys polished them with their spoons till they shone again. At last the boys got so wild with hunger that one boy said he was afraid he would some night eat the boy who slept next to him. The boys believed him. A council was held. Oliver was chosen to go up to the cook that evening after supper and ask for more. The evening arrived, and the boys took their places. The cook stood at the copper. The gruel was served out and disappeared. Then Oliver rose from the table and advancing to the cook, said in a weak voice: "Please, sir, I want some more." The cook was a healthy man, but he turned pale. "What?" said he in a trembling voice. The man could not believe his ears.
</section>