---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 37. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. This is ... pen. It is ... good pen. ... pen is black. It is on ... table. 2. I have got ... dog. ... dog's name is Spot. He is ... big grey dog. ... dog is very strong. 3. My friend has ... sister. Her name is Ann. ... girl is ... pupil. 4. We have ... picture in ... living room. ... picture is very good. It is on ... wall. 5. ... Irish Sea is between ... Great Britain and ... Ireland. 6. There is ... map on ... wall of ... classroom. It is ... map of ... world. There are many seas and lakes on ... map. This is ... Mediterranean Sea and that is ... Red Sea. These are ... Himalayas. They are ... highest mountains in ... world. 7. We live in ... St. Petersburg. ... St. Petersburg is ... very large city. It is one of ... largest cities in ... Russia. 8. My brother is ... doctor. His flat is in ... centre of ... city. It is in ... new house. There are three rooms in ... flat. ... living room is .. largest of all. It is ... nice light room. There are ... pictures on ... walls. There is ... round table in ... middle of ... room. There is ... sofa at ... wall with ... large thick carpet in ... front of it. ... study and ... bedroom are small, but very comfortable.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. This is a pen. It is a good pen. The pen is black. It is on the table. 2. I have got a dog. The dog's name is Spot. He is a big grey dog. The dog is very strong. 3. My friend has a sister. Her name is Ann. The girl is a pupil. 4. We have a picture in the living room. The picture is very good. It is on the wall. 5. The Irish Sea is between Great Britain and Ireland. 6. There is a map on the wall of the classroom. It is a map of the world. There are many seas and lakes on the map. This is the Mediterranean Sea and that is the Red Sea. These are the Himalayas. They are the highest mountains in the world. 7. We live in St. Petersburg. St. Petersburg is a very large city. It is one of the largest cities in Russia. 8. My brother is a doctor. His flat is in the centre of the city. It is in a new house. There are three rooms in the flat. The living room is the largest of all. It is a nice light room. There are some pictures on the walls. There is a round table in the middle of the room. There is a sofa at the wall with a large thick carpet in front of it. The study and the bedroom are small, but very comfortable.
</section>