---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 160. Вставьте глагол to be в Past Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
My aunt ... very depressed last Sunday. The weather ... terrible. It ... cold and rainy. Her husband ... not at home. He ... at hospital because he ... sick. Her children ... not at school. They ... not in the yard, they ... in the living room. The TV ... broken. The children ... not only upset, they ... very angry. The neighbours ... not happy because her children ... too noisy.
The house ... not clean. The sink ... broken. There ... dirty dishes on the kitchen table and in the sink. There ... nothing in the fridge. There ... no  vegetables for dinner, there ... no  juice  for her children. There ... not even  bread  in the house! She ... tired and hungry. She ... just exhausted.
</section>

<section class="answer">
My aunt was very depressed last Sunday. The weather was terrible. It was cold and rainy. Her husband was not at home. He was at hospital because he was sick. Her children were not at school. They were not in the yard, they were in the living room. The TV was broken. The children were not only upset, they were very angry. The neighbours were not happy because her children were too noisy. The house was not clean. The sink was broken. There were dirty dishes on the kitchen table and in the sink. There was nothing in the fridge. There were no vegetables for dinner, there was no juice for her children. There was not even bread in the house! She was tired and hungry. She was just exhausted.
</section>