---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 61.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. He's looking for ... plain shirt, but all ... shirts are striped. 2. I'm looking for ... pair of ... black pants. 3. She's looking for ... blouse. Polka-dot ... blouses are very popular this ... summer. 4. I bought ... new hat yesterday. ... shop assistant said it was ... latest style. 5. I want to ask you to accompany me to ... shop. I must buy ... dress. 6. Where did you buy this overcoat? — I bought it at ... big store in Nevsky Prospect on ... Tuesday. 7. My sister bought... blue hat on ... Wednesday. ... colour suits her very nicely as she has got... blue eyes. 8. I must buy ... pair of ... new gloves. 9. Where is ... shoe 
department? — It is on ... third floor. 10. I think ... coat is a little tight. 11. We came to ... big store to find out if we could have ... suit made to order. 12. I don't like ... hat you have chosen. ... colour is not becoming to you. 13. Here is ... department of ready-made clothes. Let's go in and see if we can buy ... nice pair of ... trousers for you. 14. I am going to give him ... tie as ... birthday present.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. He's looking for a plain shirt, but all the shirts are striped. 2. I'm looking for a pair of black pants. 3. She's looking for a blouse. Polka-dot blouses are very popular this summer. 4. I bought a new hat yesterday. The shop assistant said it was the latest style. 5. I want to ask you to accompany me to the shop. I must buy a dress. 6. Where did you buy this overcoat? — I bought it at a big store in Nevsky Prospect on Tuesday. 7. My sister bought a blue hat on Wednesday. The colour suits her very nicely as she has got blue eyes. 8.1 must buy a pair of new gloves. 9. Where is the shoe department? — It is on the third floor. 10. I think the coat is a little tight. 11. We came to a big store to find out if we could have a suit made to order. 12. I don't like the hat you have chosen. The colour is not becoming to you. 13. Here is the department of ready-made clothes. Let's go in and see if we can buy a nice pair of trousers for you. 14. I am going to give him a tie as a birthday present. He likes ties.
</section>