---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 54.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. Look at ... sky. It is covered with ... dark clouds. Let's hurry ... home. 2. It was very pleasant to live in ... country in ... summer. ... weather was fine and it seldom rained. Summer is ... fine season. 3. How lovely ... night is! There are no ... clouds in ... sky and ... air is so fresh. 4. When spring comes, ... sun shines brighter, ... snow melts, ... days become longer. 5. Winter is ... good time for sports. 6. On ... Sunday my friend and I usually go to ... country. We ski, skate, play ... snowballs and have ... very good time. 7. ... fog is so dense that it is difficult to walk. 8. My friend is ... very good chess player. 9. In ... summer we lived in ... country and went up to ... town by ... train. 10. Tomorrow is ... Sunday. If it is too hot in ... town, we shall go to ... country. And on ... Monday we shall come back. 11. ... Autumn is ... most beautiful ... season of ... year.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Look at the sky. It is covered with dark clouds. Let's hurry home. 2. It was very pleasant to live in the country in summer. The weather was fine and it seldom rained. Summer is a fine season. 3. How lovely the night is! There are no clouds in the sky and the air is so fresh. 4. When spring comes, the sun shines brighter, the snow melts, the days become longer. 5. Winter is a good time for sports. 6. On Sunday my friend and I usually go to the country. We ski, skate, play snowballs and have a very good time. 7. The fog is so dense that it is difficult to walk. 8. My friend is a very good chess player. 9. In summer we lived in the country and went up to town by train. 10. Tomorrow is Sunday. If it is too hot in town, we shall go to the country. And on Monday we shall come back. 11. Autumn is the most beautiful season of the year.  12. Winter isn't a depressing season.
</section>