---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 51. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
... group of ... farmers were sitting in ... village house, and among ... other things they began talking about ... echoes. One of ... farmers said that there was ... wonderful echo in ... field near his farm where there was ... large group of ... trees. All ... other farmers said that they would like to hear ... echo, and ... farmer invited them to come ... next afternoon. But ... fact was that ... farmer did not really have ... echo he had told ... other farmers about. So when he came ... home, he sent for ... son of ... cook and told him to go to ... field, hide himself among ... trees and imitate everything that was said. ... next day ... other farmers came, and ... farmer took them to ... field to listen to ... wonderful echo. When they were in ... field, he shouted at ... top of his voice: "Are you there?" The answer came back: "Yes, I've been here for two hours!"
</section>

<section class="answer">
A group of farmers were sitting in a village house, and among other things they began talking about echoes. One of the farmers said that there was a wonderful echo in the field near his farm where there was a large group of trees. All the other farmers said that they would like to hear the echo, and the farmer invited them to come the next afternoon. But the fact was that the farmer did not really have the echo he had told the other farmers about. So when he came home, he sent for the son of the cook and told him to go to the field, hide himself among the trees and imitate everything that was said. The next day the other farmers came, and the farmer took them to the field to listen to the wonderful echo. When they were in the field, he shouted at the top of his voice: "Are you there?" The answer came back: "Yes, I've been here for two hours!"
</section>