---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 184.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous, Present Simple или в Future Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. You (to come) to my place next Sunday? 2. You (to read) this book next week? 3. You (to read) books every day? 4. You (to read) a book now? 5. I (not to see) him tomorrow. 6. What you (to do) tomorrow? 7. What your friend (to do) tomorrow? 8. Where you (to go) next summer? 9. Where you (to go) every morning? 10. Where you (to go) now? 11. Look! Mary (to dance). 12. She (to dance) every day. 13. She (to dance) tomorrow? 14. He (to go) to the theatre tomorrow. 15. We (to go) to school in the morning. 16. Look! Kate (to go) to school. 17. You (to help) your mother tomorrow? 18. I (not to play) the guitar now. 19. My brother (to play) the guitar every evening. 20. They (not to take) care of the garden next summer. 21. You (to like) apples? 22. You (to eat) apples tomorrow? 23. Nick (to read) many books. 24. Mother (to work) every day. 25. He (not to sleep) now. 26. Your brother (to go) to the exhibition next Sunday? 27. We (not to go) to the zoo tomorrow. 28. I (not to learn) the poem now. 29. She (to live) in San Francisco. 30. My father (to shoot) very well. 31. He is very strong. Look! He (to carry) a very heavy box.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Will you come. 2. Will you read. 3. Do you read. 4. Are you reading. 5. I shall not see. 6. What will you do. 7. What will your friend do. 8. Where will you go. 9. Where do you go. 10. Where are you going. 11. Mary is dancing. 12. She dances. 13. Will she dance. 14. He will go. 15. We go. 16. Kate is going. 17. Will you help. 18. I am not playing. 19. My brother plays. 20. They will not take. 21. Do you like. 22. Will you eat. 23. Nick reads. 24. Mother works. 25. He is not sleeping 26. Will your brother go. 27. We shall not go. 28. I am not learning. 29. She lives. 30. My father shoots. 31. He is carrying.
</section>