---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 181.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. You (to keep) to any special diet? — Well, I (not to think) it (to be) good to eat a lot of meat.
I usually (to have) meat only once a week. I (to eat) lots of fruit and vegetables. 2. He (to learn) English now because he (to want) to get a better job. 3. The teacher (to know) the girl often (not to argue) with pupils. 4. I (to think) she often (to worry). 5. Barbara's boss (to see) she (to be) always late for work. 6. I (to call) my son in Cedar Falls now. I (to want) to call him every month but it (to be) very expensive. 7. You (to hear) me now? How your job (to go)? — Great! I (to enjoy) it a lot. The only problem I (to have) here (to be) that the food (to be) so good. I (to eat) too much! I (to get) really fat. 8. Ruth (to learn) English now because she (to like) learning languages and she (to want) to impress everybody. 9. Listen to that man! You (to understand) what language he (to speak)? 10. Your English (to get) better? — Yes, I (to think) so. 11. We (to know) he never (to take) risks. 12. They (to think) he (to learn) fast, he (to know) English well and he (to speak) English fluently. 13. Don't disturb him. He just (to work) at his English. 14. I (not to like) to watch TV very often. But at the moment I (to enjoy) my favourite film "Gone with the Wind". And I (to be) very happy. 15. You (to have) any idea where Rick (to be)? I (not to see) him at work now. — He (to visit) his friends in Spain. 16. Hurry up! We (not to have) much time left. — I (to come)! 17. She (to try) to lose weight, I (to think). She always (to have) light lunches. 18. She (to try) to do her best. 19. My little brother (not to play) the piano very well. That (to be) why he (to practise) the piano again. 20. My grandmother (to be) busy. She (to bake) an apricote pie. She (to bake) pies every Sunday. 21. Tom (to be) tired. He (to be) embarrassed because he (to yawn) his head off. 22. I (to be) sad. That (to be) why I (to cry).
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Do you keep, I don't think, it is, I usually have, I eat. 2. He is learning, he wants. 3. The teacher knows, the girl doesn't often argue. 4. I think, she often worries. 5. Barbara's boss sees, she is always late. 6. I am calling, I want, it is. 7. Do you hear, how is your job going, I am enjoying, I have, is (the only problem), the food is, I eat, I am getting. 8. Ruth is learning, she likes, she wants. 9. Do you understand, what language he is speaking. 10. Is your English getting, I think. 11. We know, he never takes. 12. They think, he learns, he knows, he speaks. 13. He is just working. 14. I don't like, I am enjoying, I am. 15. Do you have, Rick is, I don't see, he is visiting. 16. We don't have, I am coming. 17. She is trying. I think, she always has. 18. She tries. 19. My little brother doesn't play, that is why he is practising. 20. My grandmother is, she is baking, she bakes. 21. Tom is, he is, he is yawning. 22. I am, that is why  I am crying.
</section>