---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 207.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. When I (to come) home, my little sister (to sleep). 2. When Nick (to come) home, his brother (to play) with his toys. 3. When mother (to come) home, I (to do) my homework. 4. When father (to come) home, Pete (to sleep). 5. When mother (to come) home, the children (to play) on the carpet. 6. When I (to get) up, my mother and father (to drink) tea. 7. When I (to come) to my friend's place, he (to watch) TV. 8. When I (to see) my friends, they (to play) football. 9. When I (to open) the  
12. When I (to go) to school, I (to meet) my friend.

13. When we (to go) to the cinema, we (to meet) grandmother. 14. When grandmother (to go) home, she (to see) many children in the park. 15. When Henry (to walk) about in the forest, he (to find) a bear cub. 16. When we (to walk) about in the forest, we (to see) a hare. 17. When I (to wash) the floor, I (to find) my old toy under the sofa. 18. When granny (to read) a book on the sofa, she (to fall) asleep. 19. When I (to play) in the park, I suddenly (to see) my old friend. 20. When Nick (to run) about in the park, he (to fall).
</section>

<section class="answer">
I. I came, my little sister was sleeping. 2. Nick came home, his brother was playing. 3. Mother came, I was doing. 4. Father came, Pete was sleeping. 5. Mother came, the children were playing. 6. I got, my mother and father were drinking. 7. I came, he was watching. 8. I saw, they were playing. 9. I opened, the cat was sitting. 10. Kate opened, the children were dancing. 11. Tom was crossing, he fell. 12. I was going, I met.  13. We were going, we met. 14. Grandmother was going, she saw. 15. Henry was walking, he found. 16. We were walking, we saw . 17. I was washing, I found. 18. Granny was reading, she fell. 19. I was playing, I saw. 20. Nick was running, he fell.
</section>