---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 5.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. We have ... large ... family. 2. My granny often tells us ... long ... interesting .. stories. 3. My ... father is ... engineer. He works at ... factory. ... factory is large. 4. My ... mother is ... doctor. She works at ... large ... hospital. She is at ... work now. 5. My ... aunt is ... teacher. She works at ... school. ... school is good. My ... aunt is not at ... school now. She is at ... home. She is drinking ... tea and eating ... jam. ... jam is sweet. I am at ... home, too. I am drinking ... tea and eating ... sandwich. ... sandwich is tasty. 6. My sister is at ... school. She is ... pupil. 7. My cousin has ... big ... black ... cat. My cousin's ... cat has two ... kittens. ... cat likes ... milk. ... kittens like ... milk, too. 8. I am ... engineer. 9. My ... son is ... pupil. 10. He is ... good ... pupil. 11. This is ... house. 12. This is my ... pencil. 13. You have some ... pencils, but I have no ... pencil. Give me ... pencil, please.

<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. We have a large family. 2. My granny often tells us long interesting stories. 3. My father is an engineer. He works at a factory. The factory is large. 4. My mother is a doctor. She works at a large hospital. She is at work now. 5. My aunt is a teacher. She works at school. The school is good. My aunt is not at school now. She is at home. She is drinking tea and eating jam. The jam is sweet. I am at home, too. I am drinking tea and eating a sandwich. The sandwich is tasty. 6. My sister is at school. She is a pupil. 7. My cousin has a big black cat. My cousin's cat has two kittens. The cat likes milk. The kittens like milk, too. 8. I am an engineer. 9. My son is a pupil, 10. He is a good pupil. 11. This is a house. 12. This is my pencil. 13. You have some pencils, but I have no pencil. Give me a pencil, please. 14. What a pity! I can't come to the party tonight.
</section>