---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 206.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to play) computer games yesterday. 2. I (to play) computer games at five o'clock yesterday. 3. He (to play) computer games from two till three yesterday. 4. We (to play) computer games the whole evening yesterday. 5. My brother (not to play) tennis yesterday. He (to play) tennis the day before yesterday. 6. My sister (not to play) the piano at four o'clock yesterday. She (to play) the piano the whole evening. 7. When I came into the kitchen, mother (to cook). 8. She (to cook) the whole day yesterday.

9. We (to wash) the floor in our flat yesterday.

10. We (to wash) the floor in our flat from three till four yesterday. 11. You (to do) your homework yesterday? 12. You (to do) your homework from eight till ten yesterday? 13. Why she (to sleep) at seven o'clock yesterday? 14. He (to sit) at the table the whole evening yesterday. 15. What Nick (to do) when you came to his place? 16. What you (to do) when I rang you up? 17. I (not to sleep) at nine o'clock yesterday. 18. What he (to do) yesterday? — He (to read) a book. 19. What he (to do) the whole evening yesterday? — He (to read) a book. 20. She (to sleep) when you came home?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I played. 2. I was playing. 3. He was playing. 4. We were playing. 5. My brother did not play, he played. 6. My sister was not playing, she was playing. 7. Mother was cooking. 8. She was cooking. 9. We washed. 10. We were washing. 11. Did you do. 12. Were you doing. 13. Why was she sleeping. 14. He was sitting. 15. What was Nick doing. 16. What were you doing. 17. I was not sleeping. 18. What did he do, he read. 19. What was he doing, he was reading. 20. Was she sleeping.
</section>