---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 8.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. There is ... big tree in ... garden. 2. There is ... bank near here. — Where is ... bank? 3. There is ... new supermarket in ... centre of our ... town.

4. There is ... hotel over there. ... hotel isn't cheap.

5. Where is ... cat? — ... cat is on ... sofa. 6. Where is ... book? — ... book is on ... shelf. 7. Where are ... flowers? — ... flowers are in ... beautiful vase. 8. Where is ... vase? — ... vase is on ... little table near ... window. 9. Open ... window, please. ... weather is fine today. I can see ... sun in ... sky. I can see ... nice little bird. ... bird is sitting in ... big tree. ... tree is green. 10. There is ... little white cloud in ... sky. 11. We have ... large room. There is ... big sofa in ... room and ... little lamp on ... wall over ... sofa. I like to sit on ... sofa and read ... good book.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. There is a big tree in the garden. 2. There is a bank near here. — Where is the bank? 3. There is a new supermarket in the centre of our town. 4. There is a hotel over there. The hotel isn't cheap. 5. Where is the cat? — The cat is on the sofa. 6. Where is the book? — The book is on the shelf. 7. Where are the flowers? — The flowers are in a beautiful vase. 8. Where is the vase? — The vase is on a little table near the window. 9. Open the window, please. The weather is fine today. I can see the sun in the sky. I can see a nice little bird. The bird is sitting in a big tree. The tree is green. 10. There is a little white cloud in the sky. 11. We have a large room. There is a big sofa in the room and a little lamp on the wall over the sofa. I like to sit on the sofa and read a good book.
</section>