---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 41. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
Once there lived ... man who was very fond of ... gold. He used to say: "While I have my gold, I am ... happiest man in ... world." And so all his life he saved ... money. One day he was travelling in ... desert of ... North Africa. He lost his way. He had no ... food or ... water. He was almost dying of ... hunger. He was so weak that he could not walk, he could only crawl. ... heat was terrible. There were only ... stones and ... sand around. Just then he saw ... bag lying on ... sand. He hoped that he would find ... food in it and ... water, too. He crawled up to ... bag and opened it. He saw that ... bag was full of ... gold. What is ... use of ... gold to ... hungry man in ... desert? He left ... bag on ... hot sand, crying bitterly: "I am ... most unhappy man in ... world."
</section>

<section class="answer">
Once there lived a man who was very fond of gold. He used to say: "While I have my gold, I am the happiest man in the world." And so all his life he saved money. One day he was travelling in the desert of North Africa. He lost his way. He had no food or water. He was almost dying of hunger. He was so weak that he could not walk, he could only crawl. The heat was terrible. There were only stones and sand around. Just then he saw a bag lying on the sand. He hoped that he would find food in it and water, too. He crawled up to the bag and opened it. He saw that the bag was full of gold. What is the use of gold to a hungry man in a desert? He left the bag on the hot sand, crying bitterly: "I am the most unhappy man in the world."
</section>