---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 211.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Last Sunday we (to go) skiing in the country. There (to be) already a lot of snow in the fields and we (to enjoy) ourselves. We (to ski) for two hours and a half. 2. They (to meet) at the station two hours ago. 3. Where you (to spend) last Sunday? 4. We (to be) in a hurry because only twenty minutes (to be) left before the beginning of the performance. 5.1 (to play) the violin when my friend (to come) in. He (to invite) me to the theatre and I (to accept) the invitation with pleasure. 6. He (to ring) up his friend and (to ask) him about the homework. 7. When I (to come) to the theatre, my friend already (to wait) for me. 8. When I (to go) to the dentist's, I (to break) my arm. 9. When the teacher (to walk) into the classroom, the boys (to listen) to pop music and the girls (to eat) chips and (to drink) lemonade. 10. She (to go) to the bank when I (to meet) her. She (not to go) to the doctor's. 11. What you (to do) when the accident (to happen)? — I (to walk) out of the hospital. 12. When the thieves (to take) his money, he (to leave) the bank.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. We went, there was, we enjoyed, we were skiing. 2. They met. 3. Where did you spend. 4. We were, twenty minutes were. 5. I was playing, my friend came, he invited, I accepted. 6. He rang, asked. 7. I came, my friend was already waiting. 8. I was going, I broke. 9. The teacher walked, the boys were listening, the girls were eating and drinking. 10. She was going, I met, she wasn't going. 11. What were you doing, the accident happened, I was walking. 12. The thieves took, he was leaving.
</section>