---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 55.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Last Tuesday ... evening, when ... whole family was at ... home, ... burglar came into ... house and stole $ 500! When we discovered ... theft, we called ... police. Because his ... shoes were wet and dirty, ... detective could follow his ... footprints. Here is what ... burglar did. He came in ... front door. It was locked, so he broke ... lock. Dad was reading ... newspaper in ... study near ... front door. He was facing ... big window, so he didn't see ... man, and because he was also listening to ... loud ... music, he didn't hear him. It was raining and there was ... thunder, so there was ... lot of ... noise outside, too. ... burglar crossed ... hall to ... kitchen. Mum was making ... pot of ... tea, so he didn't go into ... kitchen. ... man went back across ... hall and looked into ... dining room. No one was in there. He looked through all ... drawers and found $ 300. But this wasn't enough. He came out of ... dining room and went upstairs. Tom was doing his ... homework in his ... bedroom and listening to his ... Walkman. ... burglar went past Tom's ... room. Sally was taking ... shower and singing at ... top of her ... lungs. He went into ... TV room. He opened everything but found nothing. Then he left ... TV room, went back down ... stairs and into ... kitchen. Mum was sitting in ... living room with Dad. ... burglar was very quiet! He found $200 in ... old ... teapot on ... top shelf of ... left kitchen cupboard. Then ... man went out through ... French window in ... dining room. It wasn't locked, so it was easy to get out. ... police couldn't believe it! We never heard ... burglar!
</section>

<section class="answer">
Last Tuesday evening, when the whole family was at home, a burglar came into the house and stole $ 500! When we discovered the theft, we called the police. Because his shoes were wet and dirty, the detective could follow his footprints. Here is what the burglar did. He came in the front door. It was locked, so he broke the lock. Dad was reading a newspaper in the study near the front door. He was facing the big window, so he didn't see the man, and because he was also listening to loud music, he didn't hear him. It was raining and there was thunder, so there was a lot of noise outside, too. The burglar crossed the hall to the kitchen. Mum was making a pot of tea, so he didn't go into the kitchen. The man went back across the hall and looked into the dining room. No one was in there. He looked through all the drawers and found $ 300. But this wasn't enough. He came out of the dining room and went upstairs. Tom was doing his homework in his bedroom and listening to his Walkman. The burglar went past Tom's room. Sally was taking a shower and singing at the top of her lungs. He went into the TV room. He opened everything but found nothing. Then he left the TV room, went back down the stairs and into the kitchen. Mum was sitting in the living room with Dad. The burglar was very quiet! He found $200 in an old teapot on the top shelf of the left kitchen cupboard. Then the man went out through the French window in the dining room. It wasn't locked, so it was easy to get out. The police couldn't believe it! We never heard the burglar!
</section>