---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 21.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. What do you do after ... breakfast? — After ... breakfast I go to ... school. 2. My granny likes to read ... book after ... lunch. 3. ... people usually have ... breakfast in ... morning. They have ... dinner in... afternoon. In ... evening ... people have ... supper. 4. There is a proverb: "After ... dinner sleep awhile, after ... supper walk ... mile." 5. Who cooks ... dinner in your family? 6. Yesterday father told us ... very interesting story at ... breakfast. 7. What did you have for ... lunch at ... school on ... Wednesday? — We had ... salad and ... tea. 8. My mother never has ... supper with ... family because she does not like to eat in ... evening. 9. When do you clean your teeth in ... morning: before ... breakfast or after ... breakfast?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. What do you do after breakfast? — After breakfast I go to school. 2. My granny likes to read a book after lunch. 3. People usually have breakfast in the morning. They have dinner in the afternoon. In the evening people have supper. 4. There is a proverb: "After dinner sleep awhile, after supper walk a mile." 5. Who cooks dinner in your family? 6. Yesterday father told us a very interesting story at breakfast. 7. What did you have for lunch at school on Wednesday? — We had salad and tea. 8. My mother never has supper with the family because she does not like to eat in the evening. 9. When do you clean your teeth in the morning: before breakfast or after breakfast? 10. I make cakes for tea
</section>