---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 216  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
The sun (to go) down behind the hills when I (to reach) a village which (to be) only a few miles from the sea. The working day (to be) over, and the villagers (to come) home from the fields. Along the road two boys (to drive) cows and sheep in the direction of the village. I (to approach) a group of people standing near the road and (to ask) them if I could find a place in the village to spend the night. An old man (to say) he would help me. He (to take) me to his small cottage at the far end of the street. A fire(to burn) in the stove when we (to enter) the house. One girl of about eighteen (to prepare) supper in the kitchen while two other girls still (to do) something in the kitchen garden near the house. The old man (to invite) me to have supper with them. They all (to seem) to be nice people and we (to have) a friendly talk. After supper my new friends and I (to go) out into the garden. The moon (to shine) high in the sky, and the night (to be) warm and beautiful. That evening (to be) very pleasant, and I shall remember it a long time.
<p></p>
<b>Сравните употребление Present и Past Simple и Present и Past Continuous</b>
</section>

<section class="answer">
The sun was going, I reached, which was, the working day was, the villagers were coming, two boys were driving, I approached, asked, an old man said, he took, a fire was burning, we entered, one girl of about eighteen was preparing, two other girls were still doing, the old man invited, they all seemed, we had, my new friends and I went, the moon was shining, the night was, that evening was.
</section>