---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 92. Поставьте следующие предложения во множественное число."
category: "noun"
---
<section class="question">
1. This is a bird. 2. Is that also a bird? — No, it isn't. That is a cat. 3. Is that a good horse? — Yes, it is. 4. Is that cow big or small? — It is big. 5. This is an apple and that is a flower. 6. Where is the coin? — It is in the box. 7. What colour is the box? — It is green. 8. What is it made of? — It is made of wood. 9. What is that man? — He is a clerk. 10. Is he in the office? — Yes, he is. 11. Is that woman a typist? — No, she isn't. — What is she? — She is a doctor. 12. Is his brother at home? — Yes, he is. 13. This house has a balcony looking out on the street. 14. The architecture of this building is quite modern. 15. This is a new district of St. Petersburg. 16. There is a shop, a cinema and a theatre in the new district. 17. He is a retired worker. 18. I am a doctor. 19. We hear the sounds of a child's voice. 20. She is a nice girl.
 <p><a href="#top"> Top</a></p>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. These are birds. 2. Are those also 
birds? — No, they aren't. Those are cats. 3. Are those good horses? — Yes, they 
are. 4. Are those cows big or small? — They are big. 5. These are apples and 
those are flowers. 6. Where are the coins? — They are in the box.7. What 
colour are the boxes? — They are green.8. What are they made of? — They are made of wood.
9. What are those men? — They are clerks. 10. Are they in the office? — Yes, they are. 11. Are those women typists? — No, they aren't. 
— What are they? — They are doctors. 12. Are his brothers at home? — Yes, they 
are. 13. These houses have balconies looking out on the street. 14. The 
architecture of these buildings is quite modern. 15. These are new districts of 
St. Petersburg. 16. There are some shops, cinemas and theatres in the new 
districts. 17. They are retired workers. 18. We are drivers. 19. We hear the 
sounds of children's voices. 20. They are nice girls. 21. They are noisy boys. 
</section>