---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 52.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
It was ... nice summer day. ... weather was fine, ... sun was shining in ... blue sky, ... air was fragrant with ... smell of ... grass and ... flowers. ... dog which was running about ... streets of ... little town saw ... butcher's ... stall with ... lot of ... meat. ... dog cautiously approached ... stall and, when ... butcher turned away to talk to ... woman, quickly seized ... big piece of ... meat and ran away with it. On ... way home ... dog had to cross ... stream by ... narrow bridge. As he was crossing, he looked down into ... stream and saw his reflection in ... water. He thought it was ... other dog with ... other piece of ... meat. He snapped at ... reflection and dropped his own piece of ... meat. That's how ... dog was punished for ... greediness.
</section>

<section class="answer">
It was a nice summer day. The weather was fine, the sun was shining in the blue sky, the air was fragrant with the smell of grass and flowers. A dog which was running about the streets of a little town saw a butcher's stall with a lot of meat. The dog cautiously approached the stall and, when the butcher turned away to talk to a woman, quickly seized a big piece of meat and ran away with it. On the way home the dog had to cross a stream by a narrow bridge. As he was crossing, he looked down into the stream and saw his reflection in the water. He thought it was another dog with another piece of meat. He snapped at the reflection and dropped his own piece of meat. That's how the dog was punished for greediness.
</section>