---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 218.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в одном из следующих времен: Present Simple, Past Simple, Present Continuous, Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. We (to have) a postcard from them two days ago. They (to say) they (to have) a marvellous time. 2. While she (to shop) this morning, she (to lose) her money. She (not to know) how. 3. They (to announce) our flight. We (to have) a problem. One of our suitcases (to miss). 4. Who (to speak) there? — I (not to know). 5. He (not to smoke). He (not to smoke) now. When he (to be) at the office yesterday, he (not to smoke), he (to work) hard. 6. When my sister (to wash) he** skirt, she (to find) a pound note in the pocket. 7. When you (to learn) German? 8. We (to go) home now because it (to be) late. 9. Who you (to wait) for? 10. Her car (to break) down yesterday while she (to drive) to work. 11. When and where it (to happen)? 12. She always (to wear) nice clothes for work. Today she (to wear) a nice blouse and a dark skirt. 13. What she (to watch) at the moment? 14. I (to see) my friend in the street yesterday, but he (to run) for a bus and he (not to have) time to speak to me. 15. What your son (to do)? — He (to study) computer science. 16. What you (to do) at the weekend? 17. When she (to open) the door, a man(to stand) on the doorstep. It (to be) her uncle, but she (not to recognize) him because he (to wear) dark glasses. 18. Last night we (to go) to a cafe to meet our friends.

<b>Сравните употребление всех изученных времен: Present, Past, Future Simple; Present, Past Continuous</b>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. We had, they say, they are having. 2. She was shopping, she lost, she doesn't know. 3. They are announcing, we have, one of our suitcases is missing. 4. Who is speaking, I don't know. 5. He doesn't smoke, he isn't smoking, he was, he wasn't smoking, he was working. 6. My sister was washing, she found. 7. When did you learn. 8. We are going, it is. 9. Who are you waiting. 10. Her car broke, she was driving. 11. When and where did it happen. 12. She always wears, she is wearing. 13. What is she watching. 14. I saw, he was running, he didn't have. 15. What does your son do, he studies (is studying). 16. What are you doing. 17. She opened, a man was standing, it was, she didn't recognize, he was wearing. 18. We went.
</section>