---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 178  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (not to know) what to give my brother for his birthday. 2. They (to want) to publish this book in July? 3. She (to think) he (to drive) dangerously. 4. He (to understand) that he (to eat) noisily, but he always (to forget) about it. 5. Who that man (to be) who (to stand) in the doorway? — You (not to recognize) him? It (to be) John, my cousin. 6. I (to have) no time now, I (to have) dinner. 7. Your family (to leave) St. Petersburg in summer? — Yes, we always (to go) to the seaside. We all (to like) the sea. Mother (to stay) with us to the end of August, but father (to return) much earlier. 8. Where Tom and Nick (to be) now? — They (to have) a smoke in the garden. 9. What you (to do) here now? — We (to listen) to tape recordings. 10. You (to want) to see my father? — Yes, I ... . 11. Michael (to know) German rather well. He (to want) to know English, too, but he (to
have) little time for it now. 12. What magazine you (to read)? — It (to be) a French magazine. There (to be) good articles on sports here. You (to be) interested in sports? — Yes, I ... . But I (not to know) French. 13. We (to have) an English lesson now. 14. Lena usually (to prepare) her homework at the university? — No, she ... . As a rule, she (to work) at home. — And what she (to write) now? — Oh, she (to write) an article for our wall newspaper.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I do not know. 2. Do they want. 3. She thinks, he drives. 4. He understands, he eats, he always forgets. 5. Who is that man, who is standing, don't you recognize, it is. 6. I have, I am having. 7. Does your family leave, we always go, we all like, mother stays, father returns. 8. Where are Tom and Nick, they are having. 9. What are you doing, we are listening. 10. Do you want, I do. 11. Michael knows, he wants, he has. 12. Are you reading, it is, there are, are you, I am, I do not know. 13. We are having. 14. Does Lena usually prepare, she doesn't, she works, what is she writing, she is writing.
</section>