---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 7.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. This is ... good ... book. Take ... book from ... table. Put this ... book into ... bookcase. 2. ... weather is fine today. ... sky is blue. ... sun is shining brightly in ... blue ... sky. 3. This is ... boy. ... boy is at ... school. He is ... pupil. This ... boy is my ... brother's ... friend. He has ... cat, but he has no ... dog. He likes his ... cat. He gives ... cat ... milk every day. 4. Yesterday I received ... letter from my ... friend. ... letter was interesting. 5. We live in... big house. I like ... house very much. 6. Are you ... worker? — No, I am ... student. 7. I like your ... beautiful ... flower. Give me ... flower, please. 8. My ... mother is at ... home. She is reading ... interesting ... book. 9. My ... father is not at ... home. He is at ... work. He is ... doctor. He is ... good ... doctor. He works at ... hospital. ... hospital is large.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. This is a good book. Take the book from the table. Put this book into the bookcase. 2. The weather is fine today. The sky is blue. The sun is shining brightly in the blue sky. 3. This is a boy. The boy is at school. He is a pupil. This boy is my brother's friend. He has a cat, but he has no dog. He likes his cat. He gives the cat milk every day. 4. Yesterday I received a letter from my friend. The letter was interesting. 5. We live in a big house. I like the house very much. 6. Are you a worker? — No, I am a student. 7. I like your beautiful flower. Give me the flower, please. 8. My mother is at home. She is reading an interesting book. 9. My father is not at home. He is at work. He is a doctor. He is a good doctor. He works at a hospital. The hospital is large.
</section>