---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 49. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. Is this ... interesting book? Is this ... very interesting book? Is this ... very interesting book you have spoken about so much? It is such ... interesting book. Is it ... same book you have recommended to us? 2. She is ... teacher. She is ... good teacher. She is ... teacher of our school. She is ... teacher of ... English. Here is ... teacher, ask her about... question which interests you. 3. There is ... word in ... text which I cannot understand. There is ... very difficult word, too, which I cannot pronounce. Here is ... word I was looking up in the dictionary. This word is ... adverb. 4. ... first men were vegetarians. 5. Serfdom was abolished in ... Russia in ... 19th century. 6. Columbus, who discovered ... America, was ... native of ... Genoa. 7. ... Rome is ... ancient town. 8. ... Ireland, ... Scotland and ... Wales are
parts of ... United Kingdom. 9. What is ... name of ... ocean between ... America and ... Asia? — ... Pacific. 10. Last summer I visited ... Switzerland and ... Germany. 11. ... Amsterdam is ... capital of ... Netherlands.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Is this an interesting book? Is this a very interesting book? Is this the very interesting book you have spoken about so much? It is such an interesting book. Is it the same book you have recommended to us? 2. She is a teacher. She is a good teacher. She is a teacher of our school. She is a teacher of English. Here is the teacher, ask her about the question which interests you. 3. There is a word in the text which I cannot understand. There is a very difficult word, too, which I cannot pronounce. Here is the word I was looking up in the dictionary. This word is an adverb. 4. The first men were vegetarians. 5. Serfdom was abolished in Russia in the 19th century. 6. Columbus, who discovered America, was a native of Genoa. 7. Rome is an ancient town. 8. Ireland, Scotland and Wales are parts of the United Kingdom. 9. What is the name of the ocean between America and Asia? — The Pacific. 10. Last summer I visited Switzerland and Germany. 11. Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands. 12. It was such a shock. 13. It's high time to take a break.
</section>