---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 183.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous, Present Simple или в Future Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to play) chess tomorrow.<br> 
 2. I (not to play) chess tomorrow. <br> 
 3. You (to play) chess tomorrow?<br> 
 4. He (to play) chess every day.<br> 
 5. He (not to play) chess every day.<br> 
 6. He (to play) chess every day?<br> 
 7. They (to play) chess now.<br> 
 8. They (not to play) chess now. <br> 
 9. They (to play) chess now? <br> 
 10. Nick (to go) to the park now.<br> 
 11. Nick (to go) to school every day.<br> 
 12. Nick (to go) to school tomorrow.<br> 
 13. I (to miss) your excellent cooking!<br> 
 14. You ever (to buy) presents? <br> 
 15. You (to think) it (to be) easy or difficult to choose the right presents for people? <br> 
 16. What present your mother (to receive) for her next birthday? <br> 
 17. A. The weather (to be) unpredictable these days.<br>B. Well, maybe it (to be) warm and sunny.<br> A. It (to get) cold, and look at those clouds. I (to think) it (to be) cold and damp. <br>B. You (to be right). It (to get) cold. My feet (to freeze). You (to know), it might snow. <br>A. You never (to know). They (say) fog (to cover) the area early tomorrow morning. It (to clear) and (to become) sunny by noon. So it might be beautiful this afternoons, too. <br>B. You (to kid)? I (to freeze). Where (to be) the bus? We (to wait) for
the bus now. We always (to wait) for the bus. And tomorrow we (to wait) for the bus, too.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I shall play. 2. I shall not play. 3. Will you play. 4. He plays. 5. He does not play. 6. Does he play. 7. They are playing. 8. They are not playing. 9. Are they playing. 10. Nick is going. 11. Nick goes. 12. Nick will go. 13. I miss. 14. Do you ever buy. 15. Do you think, it is. 16. What present will your mother receive. 17. A. The weather is.  
B. It'll be.  
A. It's getting, I think, it'll be.  
B. You are, it is getting, my feet are freezing, you know.  
A. You never know, they say, fog will cover, it will clear and become.  
B. Are you kidding, I'm freezing, where is the bus, we are waiting, we always wait, we'll wait.
</section>