---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 210.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Father (to watch) TV at ten o'clock yesterday. 2. I (to go) to bed at nine o'clock yesterday. 3. I (to finish) my homework at nine o'clock yesterday. 4. I (to play) the piano at five o'clock yesterday. 5. He (to begin) to do his homework at four o'clock yesterday. 6. She (to wash) the floor at four o'clock yesterday. 7. I (to meet) Nick at three o'clock yesterday. 8. When I (to come) home, Kate (to play) the piano. 9. When I (to meet) John, he (to go) to the railway station. 10. When I (to go) to the museum, I (to see) a big crowd of people in the street. 11. They (to play) in the park in the evening yesterday. 12. They (to play) in the park the whole evening yesterday. 13. I (to clean) my teeth at eight o'clock in the morning yesterday. 14. We (to go) to the wood in summer. 15. When the teacher (to open) the door of the classroom, the pupils (to sit) at their desks. 16. He (to get) up at seven o'clock yesterday. 17. Father (to come) home at six o'clock yesterday. 18. I (to read) a book at six o'clock yesterday. 19. She (to fall) asleep at eleven o'clock yesterday. 20. Mother (to drink) tea at eleven o'clock yesterday.
 
<td valign="top">
   <hr>
<p style="color:#dedede"> <!--6020d6ff-->Картридж HP Q5942X: .<!--6020d6ff--></p> 
 
  </td>
 <p></p>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Father was watching. 2. I went. 3. I finished. 4. I was playing. 5. He began. 6. She was washing. 7.I met. 8.I came, Kate was playing. 9.I met John, he was going. 10. I was going, I saw. 11. They played. 12. They were playing. 13.I was cleaning. 14. We went. 15. The teacher opened, the pupils were sitting. 16. He got. 17. Father came. 18. I was reading. 19. She fell. 20. Mother was drinking.
</section>