---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 214.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to feed) my cat with fish yesterday. 2. What you (to do) at four o'clock yesterday? — I (to feed) my cat. 3. What your brother (to do) yesterday? — He (to play) computer games. 4. I (to begin) repairing my camera at six o'clock yesterday. 5. At five o'clock yesterday Helen (to cook) soup. 6. What you (to do) when your sister (to come) home yesterday?

7. You (to have) supper at nine o'clock yesterday?

8. He (not to go) to the shop yesterday. 9. Nick (to go) to bed at ten o'clock yesterday. 10. Rick (to sleep) at eleven o'clock yesterday. 11. When we (to play) in the yard yesterday, it suddenly (to start) raining heavily. 12. I (to see) Mike when he (to cross) the street. 13. He (to begin) repairing his bicycle in the morning yesterday. 14. He (to repair) his bicycle the whole day yesterday. 15. He (to finish) repairing his bicycle in the evening yesterday. 16. We (to play) badminton from nine till eleven yesterday. 17. Kate (not to go) for a walk yesterday. She (to write) a composition the whole day yesterday. 18. When your father (to come) home yesterday? — He (to come) home at seven o'clock. 19. When my father (to come) home yesterday, my mother (to make) supper. 20. We (not to go) on a tramp last summer.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I fed. 2. What were you doing, I was feeding. 3. What did your brother do, he played. 4. I began. 5. Helen was cooking. 6. What were you doing, your sister came. 7. Were you having. 8. He did not go. 9. Nick went. 10. Rick was sleeping. 11. We were playing, it suddenly started. 12. I saw, he was crossing. 13. He began. 14. He was repairing. 15. He finished. 16. We were playing. 17. Kate did not go, she was writing. 18. When did your father come, he came. 19. My father came, my mother was making. 20. We did not go.
</section>