---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 14.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. Where is ... bus station? — ... bus station is next to ... gas station. 2. There are two ... pets in ... house: ... cat and ... dog. 3. There is ... TV antenna on ... roof. 4. There is ... mailbox between ... building and ... bus stop. 5. There is ... big ... dog in ... front of ... fireplace. 6. Do you speak English at ... work or ... school? 7. She had ... bad ... day today. 8. I have ... colour TV set. ... TV set is on ... little table in ... corner of ... room. 9. There is ... book, ... pen, and ... paper on my ... writing desk. 10. My ... brother is ... teacher. He works at ... school. He has ... very good books. His ... books are in ... big bookcase. 11. There is ... tea in my ... glass. There is no ... tea in my ... friend's ... glass. His ... glass is empty. 12. Where is ... coffee table in your ... room? — ... coffee table is in ... front of ... sofa. There is ... cup on ... coffee table and ... newspapers. There is ... coffee in ... cup. 13. There are ... photographs on ... sofa. 14. There is ... guitar on ... chair near ... piano.

<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Where is the bus station? — The bus station is next to the gas station. 2. There are two pets in the house: a cat and a dog. 3. There is a TV antenna on the roof. 4. There is a mailbox between the building and the bus stop, 5. There is a big dog in front of the fireplace. 6. Do you speak English at work or at school? 7. She had a bad day today. 8. I have a colour TV set. The TV set is on a little table in the corner of the room. 9. There is a book, a pen, and some paper on my writing desk. 10. My brother is a teacher. He works at school. He has very good books. His books are in a big bookcase. 11. There is some tea in my glass. There is no tea in my friend's glass. His glass is empty. 12. Where is the coffee table in your room? — The coffee table is in front of the sofa. There is a cup on the coffee table and some newspapers. There is some coffee in the cup. 13. There are some photographs on the sofa. 14. There is a guitar on the chair near the piano. 15. He is a rock guitarist.
</section>