---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 19.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
I go to ... school in ... morning, so I get up early. I usually get up at ... quarter past seven. I go to ... bathroom, turn on ... water and wash my face and hands. My father and mother also get up early in ... morning. My mother works at ... office. She is ... typist. My father is ... doctor. He works at ... polyclinic. We have ... breakfast in ... kitchen. We eat ... porridge and ... eggs. We drink ... tea. My father and mother leave ... home for ... work at ... half past eight. My father goes to ... polyclinic, and my mother goes to ... office. I don't leave ... home with my parents: ... school where I learn is near our house. I leave ... home for ... school at ... quarter to nine. My granny stays at ... home and cooks ... dinner. I have ... lunch at ... school after ... third lesson. My father and mother have ... lunch at ... work. When we come ... home, we have ... dinner.
</section>

<section class="answer">
I go to school in the morning, so I get up early. I usually get up at a quarter past seven. I go to the bathroom, turn on the water and wash my face and hands. My father and mother also get up early in the morning. My mother works at an office. She is a typist. My father is a doctor. He works at a polyclinic. We have breakfast in the kitchen. We eat porridge and eggs. We drink tea. My father and mother leave home for work at half past eight. My father goes to the polyclinic, and my mother goes to the office. I don't leave home with my parents: the school where I learn is near our house. I leave home for school at a quarter to nine. My granny stays at home and cooks dinner. I have lunch at school after the third lesson. My father and mother have lunch at work. When we come home, we have dinner.
</section>