---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 9.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. There is ... wonderful small computer in ... front of ... books there. 2. Where is ... soup? — ... soup is in ... big saucepan on ... gas cooker. 3. Where are ... cutlets? — ... cutlets are in ... refrigerator on ... little plate. 4. There is no ... bread on ... table. Where is ... bread? 5. There is ... little brown coffee table in our ... room in ... front of ... sofa. 6. Where is ... table in your ... room? 7. There is ... thick carpet on ... floor in my mother's ... room.

8. Is your brother at ... home? — No, he is at ... work. He works at... big factory. He is ... engineer.

9. My sister has many ... books. ... books are in ... big bookcase. 10. ... weather is fine today. Let's go and play in ... yard. There are many ... children in ... yard. They are playing with ... ball.<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. There is a wonderful small computer in front of the books there. 2. Where is the soup? — The soup is in a big saucepan on the gas cooker. 3. Whete are the cutlets? — The cutlets are in the refrigerator on a little plate. 4. There is no bread on the table. Where is the bread? 5. There is a little brown coffee table in our room in front of the sofa. 6. Where is the table in your room? 7. There is a thick carpet on the floor in my mother's room. 8. Is your brother at home? — No, he is at work. He works at a big factory. He is an engineer. 9. My sister has many books. The books are in a big bookcase. 10. The weather is fine today. Let's go and play in the yard. There are many children in the yard. They are playing with a ball.
</section>