---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 188.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Simple или Future Simple. (Все предложения относятся к будущему)"
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. If the weather (to be) nice, we probably (to go) to the beach. 2. If he still (to have) a cold and (not to feel) better, he (not to go) to a disco. 3. If you (to decide) to forget about your diet, you (to eat) wedding cake tomorrow. 4. If I (to drink) too much champagne at my friend's wedding, I (to get) a bad headache. 5. If they (to go) to California next year, they (to visit) his friend in San Francisco. 6. If she (not to work) properly, her boss (to fire) her and (to hire) my sister. 7. I (to see) you before you (to start)? 8. What he (to do) when he (to come) home? 9. Where they (to go) if the weather (to be) fine? 10. He (to ring) me up when he (to return) home. 11. If it (to rain), we (to stay) at home. 12. She (to walk) home if it (not to be) too cold. 13. I am sure he (to come) to say goodbye to us before he (to leave) St. Petersburg. 14. Please turn off the light when you (to leave) the room. 15. If we (to be) tired, we (to stop) at a small village halfway to Moscow and (to have) a short rest and a meal there. 16. If you (to miss) the 10.30 train, there is another at 10.35. 17. She (to
make) all the arrangements about it before she (to fly) there. 18. Before he (to start) for London, he (to spend) a week or two at a health resort not far from here.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. The weather is, we shall probably go. 2. He still has, doesn't feel, he will not go. 3. You decide, you will eat. 4. I drink, I shall get. 5. They go, they will visit. 6. She doesn't work, her boss will fire, hire. 7. Shall I see, you start. 8. What will he do, he comes. 9. Where will they go, the weather is. 10. He will ring, he returns. 11. It rains, we shall stay. 12. She will walk, it is not. 13. He will come, he leaves. 14. You leave. 15. We are tired, we shall stop, have. 16. You miss. 17. She will make, she flies. 18. He starts, he will spend.
</section>