---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 65.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
I knew ... man who had travelled very much in his life. He had visited many ... countries in ... east and in ... west. He loved ... children and often told them ... interesting stories. I remember some of ... stories which he told me. One of ... stories was about ... adventure he had had in ... London. He was ... young man at that time and was interested in ... history of ... architecture. One day he visited one of ... towers of ... Houses of ... Parliament. He came out on to ... balcony of ... tower and began to look at ... ornaments on ... walls. Then he climbed up on ... roof. Suddenly ... man came running to him and seized him by ... arm. He began shouting something in ... English, but my friend knew only a few words of ... English and did not understand him. ... Englishman called ... policeman. ... fact was that he thought that ... Russian tourist wanted to kill himself by jumping from ... top of ... tower. Later, when everything became clear, they laughed ... lot over it.
</section>

<section class="answer">
I knew a man who had travelled very much in his life. He had visited many countries in the east and in the west. He loved children and often told them interesting stories. I remember some of the stories which he told me. One of the stories was about an adventure he had had in London. He was a young man at that time and was interested in the history of architecture. One day he visited one of the towers of the Houses of Parliament. He came out on to the balcony of the tower and began to look at the ornaments on the walls. Then he climbed up on the roof. Suddenly a man came running to him and seized him by the arm. He began shouting something in English, but my friend knew only a few words of English and did not understand him. The Englishman called a policeman. The fact was that he thought that the Russian tourist wanted to kill himself by jumping from the top of the tower. Later, when everything became clear, they laughed a lot over it.
</section>