---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 36. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. ... Thames is ... short river. 2. ... Russia is washed by ... Arctic Ocean in ... north. 3. Kiev is to ... south of ... Moscow. 4. ... Europe is ... continent. 5. ... Moscow is ... capital of ... Russia. 6. Is ... Asia ... island or ... continent? 7. ... Black Sea is in ... south of our country. 8. ... White Sea is in ... north of our country. 9. This is ... map of ... world. What can you see on ... map? What ... colour are ... valleys on ... map? 10. Petrov is ... architect. He is ... experienced architect. He is in ... Far East. He has ... wife. His wife is ... typist. They have ... son and ... daughter. 11. ... Philippines are situated to ... southeast of ... Asia.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. The Thames is a short river. 2. Russia is washed by the Arctic Ocean in the north. 3. Kiev is to the south of Moscow. 4. Europe is a continent. 5. Moscow is the capital of Russia. 6. Is Asia an island or a continent? 7. The Black Sea is in the south of our country. 8. The White Sea is in the north of our country. 9. This is a map of the world. What can you see on the map? What colour are the valleys on the map? 10. Petrov is an architect. He is an experienced architect. He is in the Far East. He has a wife. His wife is a typist. They have a son and a daughter. 11. The Philippines are situated to the southeast of Asia.

1. Russia occupies the eastern half of Europe and the northern third of Asia. 2. The climate of the north-ern part of Russia is severe. 3. This winter is a true Russian winter with hard frosts. 4. It is warm in the Crimea and the Caucasus. 5. Washington is the capital of the United States of America. 6. I want to go to New York some day. 7. The best way to know and understand the people of other countries is to meet them in their own homes. 8. Is Australia an island or a continent? 9. The Red Sea is between Africa and Asia. 10. There are six continents in the world. 11. France is to the north of Italy.
</section>