---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 45. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
In ... small town in ... East there was once ... man who had ... parrot. ... parrot was taught to say ... words: "There is no doubt about it." It used to repeat these words all ... day long. Every time it was asked ... question, it gave ... same answer. "There is no doubt about it." One day ... man decided to sell ... bird; so he put ... parrot into ... cage and went to ... market with it. "Twenty pounds for ... very clever parrot!" he cried. ... man who was passing by heard this and turned to ... parrot. "Are you worth twenty pounds?" he asked. "There is no doubt about it!"
answered ... parrot. "What ... clever parrot!" said ... man and bought ... bird. He took ... parrot home and invited his friends to look at ... clever bird. ... friends came and looked at ... parrot and talked to it. Now you must know that ... man was not rich. In ... fact, he was often short of ... money. So ... week or two later, sitting in ... armchair and looking at ... parrot, he said: "What... fool I was to throw away such ... lot of ... money!" "There is no doubt about it!" cried ... parrot. And this time ... bird was right.
</section>

<section class="answer">
In a small town in the East there was once a man who had a parrot. The parrot was taught to say the words: "There is no doubt about it." It used to repeat these words all day long. Every time it was asked a question, it gave the same answer. "There is no doubt about it." One day the man decided to sell the bird; so he put the parrot into the cage and went to the market with it. "Twenty pounds for a very clever parrot!" he cried. A man who was passing by heard this and turned to the parrot. "Are you worth twenty pounds?" he asked. "There is no doubt about it!" answered the parrot. "What a clever parrot!" said the man and bought the bird. He took the parrot home and invited his friends to look at the clever bird. The friends came and looked at the parrot and talked to it. Now you must know that the man was not rich. In fact, he was often short of money. So a week or two later, sitting in an armchair and looking at the parrot, he said: "What a fool I was to throw away such a lot of money!" "There is no doubt about it!" cried the parrot» And this time the bird was right.
</section>