---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 134. Раскройте скобки, употребляя требующуюся форму прилагательного."
category: "adjective comparsion"
---
<section class="question">
1. We should eat (healthy) food. 2. Today the streets aren't as (clean) as they used to be. 3. It's (bad) mistake he has ever made. 4. This man is (tall) than that one. 5. Asia is (large) than Australia. 6. The Volga is (short) than the Mississippi. 7. Which building is the (high) in Moscow? 8. Mary is a (good) student than Lucy. 9. The Alps are (high) than the Urals. 10. This garden is the (beautiful) in our town. 11. She speaks Italian (good) than English. 12. Is the word "newspaper" (long) than the word "book"? 13. The Thames is (short) than the Volga. 14. The Arctic Ocean is (cold) than the Indian Ocean. 15. Chinese is (difficult) than English. 16. Spanish is (easy) than German. 17. She is not so (busy) as I am. 18. It is as (cold) today as it was yesterday. 19. She is not so 
(fond) of sports as my brother is. 20. Today the weather is (cold) than it was yesterday. 21. This book is (interesting) of all I have read this year. 22. January is the (cold) month of the year. 23. My sister speaks English (bad) than I do. 24. Which is the (hot) month of the year? 25. Which is the (beautiful) place in this part of the country? 26. This good-looking girl is the (good) student in our group.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. healthier. 2. clean. 3. the worst. 4. taller. 5. larger. 6. shorter. 7. the highest. 8. better. 9. higher. 10. the most beautiful. 11. better. 12. longer. 13. shorter. 14. colder. 15. more difficult. 16. easier. 17. busy. 18. cold. 19. fond. 20. colder. 21. tfre most interesting. 22. the coldest. 23. worse. 24. the hottest. 25. the most beautiful. 26. the best.
</section>