---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 209.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to go) to the theatre yesterday. 2. At seven o'clock yesterday I (to go) to the theatre. 3. What you (to do) at 5 o'clock yesterday? — I (to play) the piano. 4. When I (to come) to school, the children (to stand) near the classroom. 5. We (to play) in the yard the whole evening yesterday. 6. When I (to prepare) breakfast in the morning, I (to cut) my finger. 7. Last year I (to go) to the United States. 8. You (to go) to Great Britain last year? — No, I (to go) to France. 9. What you (to do) yesterday? — I (to translate) a very long article. 10. When I (to ring) up my friend, he (to sleep). 11. When grandfather (to watch) TV, he (to fall) asleep. 12. When my friend (to come) to see me, I (to do) my homework. 13. When I (to go) to the stadium, I (to meet) Kate and Ann. 14. When Nick (to ring) me up yesterday, I (to help) mother. 15. When the children (to walk) through the wood, they (to see) a fox. 16. When I (to come) home, my sister (to wash) the floor. 17. When Mike (to play) in the yard, he (to find) a ball. 18. When I (to draw) yesterday, I (to break) two pencils. 19. When I (to meet) Tom, he (to go) to the shop. 20. When I (to look) out of the window, the children (to play) hide-and-seek.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I went. 2. I was going. 3. What were you doing, I was playing. 4. I came, the children were standing. 5. We were playing. 6.I was preparing, I cut. 7.I went. 8. Did you go, I went. 9. What did you do, I translated. 10.I rang, he was sleeping. 11. Grandfather was watching, he fell. 12. My friend came, I was doing. 13.I was going, I met. 14. Nick rang, I was helping. 15. The children were walking, they saw. 16. I came, my sister was washing. 17. Mike was playing, he found. 18. I was drawing, I broke. 19. I met, he was going. 20. I looked, the children were playing.
</section>