---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 48. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
... Russia is such ... large country that when it is night in one part of ... country, it is day in another part, when it is winter in one part of ... country, it is already summer in another. Imagine it is ... beginning of ... May now. It is spring in ... St. Petersburg. ... weather is fine. It is still cool at...
night, but it is quite warm in ... afternoon. It sometimes rains, but ... rain is warm, too. ... ground is covered with ... soft green grass, and ... trees are covered with ... green leaves. But while it is spring in St. Petersburg, it is still winter in ... north of our country at ... beginning of ... May. Here it is cold and sometimes frosty, ... rivers and ... seas are covered with ... ice. ... ice does not melt in some places even in summer. ... ground is covered with ... deep snow. In ... south of our country ... weather is quite different. It is already summer in ... Caucasus and in ... Crimea. It is much warmer than in St. Petersburg. It is sometimes even hot. ... sky is usually cloudless and it seldom rains here. People wear ... summer clothes.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Russia is such a large country that when it is night in one part of the country, it is day in another part, when it is winter in one part of the country, it is already summer in another. Imagine it is the beginning of May now. It is spring in St. Petersburg. The weather is fine. It is still cool at night, but it is quite warm in the afternoon. It sometimes rains, but the rain is warm, too. The ground is covered with soft green grass, and the trees are covered with green leaves. But while it is spring in St. Petersburg, it is still winter in the north of our country at the beginning of May. Here it is cold and sometimes frosty, the rivers and seas are covered with ice. The ice does not melt in some places even in summer. The ground is covered with deep snow. In the south of our country the weather is quite different. It is already summer in the Caucasus and in the Crimea. It is much warmer than in St. Petersburg. It is sometimes even hot. The sky is usually cloudless and it seldom rains here. People wear summer clothes. they enjoy gardening. You should see their gardens in the summertime - they are beautiful!
</section>