---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 46. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
... train stopped at ... little station. ... passenger looked out of the window of ... train carriage and saw ... woman selling ... cakes. ... man had not had ... breakfast in ... morning. He was hungry and wanted to buy ... cake. ... woman was standing rather far from ... carriage. ... man did not want to go and buy ... cake himself because he was afraid to miss ... train. He saw ... boy who was walking along ... platform near ... carriage. He called ... boy and asked him: "How much does ... cake cost?" "Threepence, sir," answered ... boy. ... man gave him a sixpence and said: "Bring me ... cake, and with ... other threepence buy ... cake for yourself." ... boy took ... money and went to ... woman. A few minutes later ... boy returned. He was eating ... cake. He gave ... man threepence change and said: "... woman had only one cake, sir."
</section>

<section class="answer">
A train stopped at a little station. A passenger looked out of the window of a train carriage and saw a woman selling cakes. The man had not had breakfast in the morning. He was hungry and wanted to buy a cake. The woman was standing rather far from the carriage. The man did not want to go and buy a cake himself because he was afraid to miss the train. He saw a boy who was walking along the platform near the carriage. He called the boy and asked him: "How much does a cake cost?" "Threepence, sir," answered the boy. The man gave him a sixpence and said: "Bring me a cake, and with the other threepence buy a cake for yourself." The boy took the money and went to the woman. A few minutes later the boy returned. He was eating a cake. He gave the man threepence change and said: "The woman had only one cake, sir."
</section>