---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 205.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to go) to the cinema yesterday. 2. I (to go) to the cinema at four o'clock yesterday. 3. I (to go) to the cinema when you met me. 4. I (to do) my homework the whole evening yesterday. 5. I (to do) my homework when mother came home. 6. I (to do) my homework yesterday. 7.1 (to do) my homework from five till eight yesterday. 8. I (to do) my homework at six o'clock yesterday. 9. I (not to play) the piano yesterday. I (to write) a letter to my friend. 10. I (not to play) the piano at four o'clock yesterday. I (to read) a book. 11. He (not to sleep) when father came home. He (to do) his homework. 12. When I (to go) to school the day before yesterday, I met Mike and Pete. They (to talk) and (to laugh). They told me a funny story. Soon I (to laugh), too. I still (to laugh) when we came to school. After school I (to tell) this story at home. My father and mother (to like) it very much. 13. When we were in the country last summer, I (to go) to the wood one day. In the wood I (to find) a little fox cub. I (to bring) it home. I (to decide) to tame the cub. Every day I (to feed) it and (to take) care of it. I (to tame) it the whole summer. Now the fox cub is quite tame. It lives in my house.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I went. 2. I was going. 3. I was going. 4. I was doing. 5.I was doing/. 6. I did. 7. I was doing. 8. I was doing. 9.I did not play, I wrote. 10.I was not playing, I was reading. 11. He was not sleeping, he was doing. 12. I was going, they were talking, laughing, I was laughing, I was still laughing, I told, my father and mother liked. 13. I went, I found, I brought, I decided, I fed, took, I was taming.
</section>