---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 81. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Three ... bank robbers got ... surprise last night. This is what happened. ... three ... robbers, who all work as ... cleaners at ... hospital, drove up to ... bank on Main Street. ... three men, wearing ... masks over their ... faces, got out of ... car and ran into ... bank. Inside ... bank, they pointed ... guns at ... customers and ... bank tellers. One of ... men told all ... customers to lie down on ... floor. And then one of ... other men said something like, "Quick ... money! Give me ... money!" So one of ... tellers handed them some ... bags. After leaving ... bank, ... three men jumped into their ... van and drove off. One ... mile down ... road, ... robbers parked their ... van next to ... ambulance they had parked before ... robbery. They got into ... ambulance and drove off. They went straight to their ... hospital. After leaving ... ambulance in ... hospital parking lot, ... three ... men went together into ... small room. There, they opened ... bags of ... money they had been given — and got... very ... unpleasant surprise! ... bank teller had given ... robbers ... special bags containing ... bright red ... ink!... red ink is released when ... bag is opened, and it can't be washed off. So suddenly, ... men found themselves covered in red
ink! As ... men left ... room and tried to leave ... hospital, ... emergency room doctor saw them and she thought, "Oh God, they're all covered in ... blood." So she tried to help them but they refused her ... help and ran off. ... doctor realized something funny was going on and she called ... police. ... police caught ... robbers — guess where? Outside ... bank on Main Street.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Three bank robbers got a surprise last night. This is what happened. The three robbers, who all work as cleaners at a hospital, drove up to the bank on Main Street. The three men, wearing masks over their faces, got out of the car and ran into the bank. Inside the bank, they pointed guns at the customers and bank tellers. One of the men told all the customers to lie down on the floor. And then one of the other men said something like, "Quick the money! Give me money!" So one of the tellers handed them some bags. After leaving the bank, the three men jumped into their van and drove off. One mile down the road, the robbers parked their van next to an ambulance they had parked before the robbery. They got into the ambulance and drove off. They went straight to their hospital. After leaving the ambulance in the hospital parking lot, the three men went together into a small room. There, they opened the bags of money they had been given — and got a very unpleasant surprise! The bank teller had given the robbers special bags containing bright red ink! The red ink is released when the bag is opened, and it can't be washed off. So suddenly, the men found themselves covered in red ink! As the men left the room and tried to leave the hospital, an emergency room doctor saw them and she thought, "Oh God, they're all covered in blood." So she tried to help them but they refused her help and ran off. The doctor realized something funny was going on and she called the police. The police caught the robbers — guess where? Outside the bank on Main Street.



A tsunami is a natural phenomenon consisting of a series of waves generated when water in a lake or
the sea is rapidly displaced on a massive scale. It is also a very large dangerous ocean wave caused by |ш underwater explosion, earthquake, etc. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions and large meteorite impacts all have the potential to generate a tsunami. The effects of a tsunami can range from unnoticeable to devastation.


The magnitude 9.0 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake triggered a series of lethal tsunamis on December 26, 2004 that killed over 310,000 people (more than 220,000 in Indonesia alone), making it the deadliest tsunami in recorded history. The tsunami killed people over an area ranging from the immediate vicinity of the quake in Indonesia, Thailand and the north-western coast of Malaysia to thousands of kilometres away in Bangladesh, India, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, and even as far as Somalia, Kenya and Tanzania in eastern Africa. The disaster prompted a huge worldwide effort to help victims of the tragedy, with hundreds of millions of dollars being raised for disaster relief. 
ДАЛЕЕ В СКОБКАХ УКАЗАНЫ НОМЕРА ПО 6 ИЗДАНИЮ
</section>