---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 220.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в одном из следующих времен: Present, Past, Future Simple; Present, Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to apply) for a visit visa and (to want) to make two journeys to your country while the visa (to be) valid. 2. They (to listen) to the news on the radio when the telephone (to ring). 3. I (to look) for a nice pair of gloves. 4, My train (to leave) in half an hour. — OK, I (to drive) you to the station in my car. 5. I (to check) the battery? — Yes, please.
6. Nowadays cars (to get) more and more expensive.
7. He (to get) a higher salary. 8. A father and his son (to travel) home in a car. It (to snow) and a strong wind (to blow). As they (to go) over a bridge, they (to hear) a loud bang and the father (to lose) control of the car. They (to be) injured and their lives (to be) in great danger. A helicopter (to take) the father and the boy to hospital and they (to be) saved. Now, the happy father (to look) at his son and (to say) to him: "I never (to drive) my car when it (to snow). I (to promise) you. It (to be) very dangerous to drive when it (to be) so slippery."
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I am applying, want, the visa is. 2. They were listening, the telephone rang. 3. I am looking. 4. My train leaves, I'll drive. 5. Shall I check. 6. Cars are getting. 7. He gets. 8. A father and his son were travelling, it was snowing, a strong wind was blowing, they were going, they heard, the father lost, they were, their lives were, a helicopter took, they were, the happy father looked and said, I'll never drive, it snows, I promise, it is, it is.
</section>