---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 159. Вставьте глагол to be в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Where ... you? — I... in the kitchen. 2. Where ... Fred? — He ... in the garage. 3. Where ... Lisa and John? — They .. at college. 4. ... you busy? — No, I ... not. Mike ... busy. He ... the busiest person I've ever met. 5. It ... ten o'clock. She ... late again. 6. How ... you? — I ... not very well today. — I ... sorry to hear that. 7. We ... interested in classical music. 8. Vera ... afraid of snakes. 9. My grandmother ... not nervous and she ... rarely upset. She ... the kindest person I've ever seen. My grandmother ... really wonderful. 10. I ... sorry. They ... not at the office at the moment. 11. Where ... the keys? — In your jacket. 12. What... the time, please? — Two o'clock. 13. It ... the biggest  meal  I've ever had. 14. Which sport do you think ... the most dangerous? 15. Chess and aerobics ... not as exciting as skydiving and figure skating. 16. Debt... the worst kind of poverty. 17. The game ... not worth the candle. 18. Do you have any idea where he ... ? 19. Used cars ... cheaper but less reliable than new cars. 20. What ... the weather forecast for tomorrow?
21. Art ... long, life .. short. 22. You ... the best friend I've ever had. 23. I don't remember what his telephone number ... . 24. Two heads ... better than one. 25. You ... right. That ... a lot of money!  Coffee  ... very expensive this week.
<p></p>
<b>Спряжение глагола<span style="font—weight: bold;">
to be</span> (быть) в <span style="font—weight: bold; font—style: italic;">Past
Simple Tense (Past Indefinite Tense) </span></b>
<p>
</p>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Where are you? — I am in the kitchen.  
2. Where is Fred? — He is in the garage.  
3. Where are Lisa and John? — They are at college.  
4. Are you busy? — No, I am not. Mike is busy. He is the busiest person I've ever met.  
5. It is ten o'clock. She is late again.  
6. How are you? — I am not very well today. — I am sorry to hear that.  
7. We are interested in classical music.  
8. Vera is afraid of snakes.  
9. My grandmother isn't nervous and she is rarely upset. She is the kindest person I've ever seen. My grandmother is really wonderful.  
10. I'm sorry. They are not at the office at the moment.  
11. Where are the keys? — In your jacket.  
12. What is the time, please? — Two o'clock.  
13. It is the biggest meal I've ever had.  
14. Which sport do you think is the most dangerous?  
15. Chess and aerobics are not as exciting as skydiving and figure skating.  
16. Debt is the worst kind of poverty.  
17. The game is not worth the candle.  
18. Do you have any idea where he is?  
19. Used ears are cheaper but less reliable than new cars.  
20. What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?  
21. Art is long, life is short.  
22. You are the best friend I've ever had.  
23. I don't remember what his telephone number is.  
24. Two heads are better than one.  
25. You are right. That's a lot of money! Coffee is very expensive this week.
</section>