---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 72.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
"Is there ... post office near ... house you live in?"

"Yes, there is. Go to e.. corner of ... street along which ... trams run. Then turn to ... left and walk ... short distance down ... street. Do not cross ... street, of course. You will see ... sign over ... door which says "Post and Telegraph Office."

"Thank you very much. I am sure I shall find it without ... difficulty. I must buy ... stamps, send ... telegram and ask whether they receive ... parcels there. I want to send ... parcel to ... old friend. It will be her birthday in ... week. Perhaps you can tell me where I can find ... shop that sells ... nice things that one can give as ... presents?"

"Yes, certainly. There's ... very good shop not far from here. You can easily walk there in a few minutes. Go straight down ... street that you will see directly in ... front of you when you come out of ... post office till you come to ... wide street along which ... buses and ... trolleybuses run. Then turn to ... left again and almost immediately you will come to ... beautiful shop with ... big windows full of all sorts of ... things. I am sure you will find ... nice presents there."
</section>

<section class="answer">
"Is there a post office near the house you live in?" "Yes, there is. Go to the corner of the street along which trams run. Then turn to the left and walk a short distance down the street. Do not cross the street, of course. You will see a sign over a door which says "Post and Telegraph Office". "Thank you very much. I am sure I shall find it without difficulty. I must buy some stamps, send a telegram and ask whether they receive parcels there. I want to send a parcel to an old friend. It will be her birthday in a week. Perhaps you can tell me where I can find a shop that sells nice things that one can give as presents?" "Yes, certainly, There's a very good shop not far from here. You can easily walk there in a few minutes. Go straight down the street that you will see directly in front of you when you come out of the post office till you come to a wide street along which buses and trolleybuses run. Then turn to the left again and almost immediately you will come to a beautiful shop with big windows full of all sorts of things. I am sure you will find nice presents there".
</section>