---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 190.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Simple, Present Continuous или Future Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Don't go out: it (to rain) heavily. 2. Take your raincoat with you. I am afraid it (to rain) in the
evening and you (to get) wet through if you (not to put) on your raincoat. 3. Every spring birds (to come) to our garden and (to sing) in the trees. 4. Listen! Somebody (to sing) in the next room. 5. It usually (not to snow) at this time of the year. 6. What the weather (to be) like now? It (to snow)? — No, it ... . 7. We (to go) out of town to ski on Sunday? — Yes, we ... if it (to snow) this week and if there (to be) a lot of snow everywhere. 8. What you (to do) tomorrow? — We (to go) out of town if the weather (not to change) for the worse. You (to come) with us? — With pleasure if only I (not to have) too much work to do at home. 9. It (to be) cold in autumn. It often (to rain). A cold wind often (to blow). 10. The weather (to be) fine today. It (to be) warm, the sun (to shine) brightly. A soft wind (to blow). Small white clouds (to sail) in the sky. 11. If we (to have) televisions at our supermarket, they (to inform) customers about things in the store. 12. If we (to play) music, it (to produce) the right atmosphere. 13. If we (to put) in cameras, they (to stop) people stealing things. 14. If we (to employ) more assistants, they (to help) our customers.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. It is raining. 2. It will rain, you will get, you do not put. 3. Birds come, sing. 4. Somebody is singing. 5. It usually does not snow. 6. What's the weather like, is it snowing, it isn't. 7. Shall we go, we shall, it snows, there is. 8. What will you do, we shall go, the weather does not change, will you come, I do not have. 9. It is, it often rains, a cold wind often blows. 10. The weather is fine, it is, the sun is shining, a soft wind is blowing, small white clouds are sailing. 11. We have, they will inform. 12. We play, it will produce. 13. We put, they will stop. 14. We employ, they will help.
</section>