---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 75.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
During ... American War of ... Independence, ... commander of ... small unit of soldiers was giving ... orders to his men about... heavy cannon that they were trying to lift to its place at ... top of some fortifications. It was almost beyond their power to lift ... weight, and ... commander kept shouting ... encouraging words. ... officer, not in uniform, was passing by, and he asked ... commander why he did
not help ... soldiers. Greatly surprised, ... man turned round and said proudly: "Sir, I am ... corporal!" "Oh, you are, are you?" replied ... officer: "I did not know that. I beg your pardon, Mr. Corporal." Then he got off ... horse he was riding and, taking hold of ... rope that ... men were pulling at, he pulled with all his strength. And when ... cannon was in its place, he turned to ... little great man and said: "Mr. Corporal, when you have ... other job like this and have not enough ... men, send for your commander in chief, and I shall gladly come and help you." ... corporal was struck with ... astonishment. ... man who had helped his soldiers was George Washington.
</section>

<section class="answer">
During the American war of Independence, the commander of a small unit of soldiers was giving orders to his men about a heavy cannon that they were trying to lift to its place at the top of some fortifications. It was almost beyond their power to lift the weight, and the commander kept shouting encouraging words. An officer, not in uniform, was passing by, and he asked the commander why he did not help the soldiers. Greatly surprised, the man turned round and said proudly: "Sir, I am a corporal!" "Oh, you are, are you?" replied the officer: "I did not know that. I beg your pardon, Mr. Corporal." Then he got off the horse he was riding and, taking hold of the rope that the men were pulling at, he pulled with all his strength. And when the cannon was in its place, he turned to the little great man and said: "Mr. Corporal, when you have another job like this and have not enough men, send for your commander in chief, and I shall gladly come and help you." The corporal was struck with astonishment. The man who had helped his soldiers was George Washington.
</section>