---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 13.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. There is ... park behind ... hospital. There are ... beautiful ... trees in ... park. 2. There is ... good ... film on TV this ... evening. I am going to watch it. 3. There is ... library between ... school and ... bank. There are ... English and German books in this ... library. 4. There is ... sofa in ... corner of ... room. 5. There are ... cushions on ... sofa. 6. There are ... books on ... shelf. Give me ... book, please. 7. Look into ... refrigerator. What can you see on ... shelves? — There is ... butter in ... butter dish. There is ... sausage, but there is no ... cheese. There are ... eggs and ... apples. There is ... orange, ... lemon, and ... jam in ... little vase. 8. There is ... juice in this ... cup. May I drink ... juice? 9. There are ... girls in ... yard, but I can see no ... boys. Where are ... boys? — Oh, all ... boys are playing football at ... stadium. 10. There is ... peculiar charm in her ... voice.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. There is a park behind the hospital. There are some beautiful trees in the park. 2. There is a good film on TV this evening. I am going to watch it. 3. There is a library between the school and the bank. There are some English and German books in this library. 4. There is a sofa in the corner of the room. 5. There are some cushions on the sofa. 6. There are some books on the shelf. Give me a book, please. 7. Look into the refrigerator. What can you see on the shelves? — There is some butter in the butter dish. There is some sausage, but there is no cheese. There are some eggs and some apples. There is an orange, a lemon, and some jam in a little vase. 8. There is some juice in this cup. May I drink the juice? 9. There are some girls in the yard, but I can see no boys. Where are the boys? — Oh, all the boys are playing football at the stadium. 10. There is a peculiar charm in her voice. 11. There is (some) money in the purse.
</section>