---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 70.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
... Africa is ... very large continent lying to ... south of ... Europe and to ... southwest of ... Asia to which it is joined by ... Isthmus of Suez. Less than one hundred years ago ... men knew almost nothing of ... middle of ... continent. ... travellers from ...

Europe made ... long journeys into ... centre but they met with ... terrible difficulties, for ... continent is covered with ... forests full of ... fearful wild animals. Some travellers died of ... hunger or ... thirst or ... strange illnesses, ... others were killed by ... lions, still ... others by ... natives; but nevertheless bold men were found ready to go along ... rivers into ... heart of ... Africa. The merchants who came from ... European countries had much to sell, and here were ... millions of ... people ready to buy; here was ... country, ... richness of which was unimaginable.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Africa is a very large continent lying to the south of Europe and to the southwest of Asia to which it is joined by the Isthmus of Suez. Less than one hundred years ago men knew almost nothing of the middle of the continent. Travellers from Europe made long journeys into the centre but they met with terrible difficulties, for the continent is covered with forests full of fearful wild animals. Some travellers died of hunger or thirst or strange illnesses, others were killed by lions, still others by natives; but nevertheless bold men were found ready to go along rivers into the heart of Africa. The merchants who came from European countries had much to sell, and here were millions of people ready to buy; here was a country, the richness of which was unimaginable.
</section>