---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 43. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Three men came to ... New York for ... holiday. They came to ... very large hotel and took ... room there. Their room was on ... forty-fifth floor. In ... evening ... friends went to ... theatre and came back to ... hotel very late. "I am very sorry," said ... clerk of ... hotel, "but ... lifts do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, we shall make ... beds for you in ... hall." "No, no," said one of ... friends, "no, thank you. We don't want to sleep in ... hall. We shall walk up to our room." Then he turned to his friends and said: "It is not easy to walk up to ... forty-fifth floor, but we shall make it easier. On ... way to ... room I shall tell you some jokes; then you, Andy, will sing us some songs; then you, Peter, will tell us some interesting stories." So they
began walking up to their room. Tom told them many jokes; Andy sang some songs. At last they came to ... thirty-sixth floor. They were tired and decided to have ... rest. "Well," said Tom, "now it is your turn, Peter. After all ... jokes, I would like to hear ... sad story. Tell us ... long and interesting story with ... sad end." "... story which I am going to tell you," said Peter, "is sad enough. We left ... key to our room in ... hall."
</section>

<section class="answer">
Three men came to New York for a holiday. They came to a very large hotel and took a room there. Their room was on the forty-fifth floor. In the evening the friends went to the theatre and came back to the hotel very late. "I am very sorry," said the clerk of the hotel, "but the lifts do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, we shall make beds for you in the hall." "No, no," said one of the friends, "no, thank you. We don't want to sleep in the hall. We shall walk up to our room." Then he turned to his friends and said: "It is not easy to walk up to the forty-fifth floor, but we shall make it easier. On the way to the room I shall tell you some jokes; then you, Andy, will sing us some songs; then you, Peter, will tell us some interesting stories." So they began walking up to their room. Tom told them many jokes; Andy sang some songs. At last they came to the thirty-sixth floor. They were tired and decided to have a rest. "Well," said Tom, "now it is your turn, Peter. After all the jokes, I would like to hear a sad story. Tell us a long and interesting story with a sad end." "The story which I am going to tell you," said Peter, "is sad enough. We left the key to our room in the hall."
</section>