---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 30. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. My ... name is Charlie. I come from ... pretty big ... family. I have two ... brothers and ... sister. I am ... oldest and my ... sister is ... youngest; she plays ... violin really well and wants to be ... professional ... musician. She has other ... hobbies, too, and she often goes swimming with her ... friends if ... weather is nice. 2. Do you play ... piano? 3. There is ... big black piano in our living room. It is at ... wall to ... left of ... door opposite ... sideboard. My mother likes to play ... piano. She often plays ... piano in ... evening. 4. ... boys like to play ... football. 5. What do you do in ... evening? — I often play ... chess with my grandfather. 6. Where are ...children? — Oh, they are out of ... doors. ... weather is fine today. They are playing ... badminton in ... yard. 7. What... games does your sister like to play? — She likes to play ... tennis. 8. Do you like to play ... guitar? 9. What ... colour is your guitar?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My name is Charlie. I come from a pretty big family. I have two brothers and a sister. I am the oldest and my sister is the youngest; she plays the violin really well and wants to be a professional musician. She has other hobbies, too, and she often goes swimming with her friends if the weather is nice. 2. Do you play the piano? 3. There is a big black piano in our living room. It is at the wall to the left of the door opposite the sideboard. My mother likes to play the piano. She often plays the piano in the evening. 4. Boys like to play football. 5, What do you do in the evening? — I often play chess with my grandfather. 6. Where are the children? — Oh, they are out of doors. The weather is fine today. They are playing badminton in the yard. 7. What games does your sister like to play? — She likes to play tennis. 8. Do you like to play the guitar? 9. What colour is your guitar?


1. Do you play the piano? 
2. There is a big black piano in our living room. 
It is at the wall to the left of the door opposite the sideboard. My mother likes to play the piano. She often plays the piano in the evening. 
3. Boys like to play football.
 4. What do you do in the evening? — I often play chess with my grandfather. 
 5. Where are the children? — Oh, they are out of doors. The weather is fine today. They are playing badminton in the yard. 
 6. What games does your sister like to play? — She likes to play tennis. 
 7. Do you like to play the guitar? 
 8. What colour is your guitar?
9. My name is Charlie. I come from a pretty big family. I have two brothers and a sister. I am the oldest and my sister is the youngest; she plays the violin really well and wants to be a professional musician. She has other hobbies, too, and she often goes swimming with her friends if the weather is nice.
</section>