---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 180. Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. In the evening I often (to go) to see my friends. 2. On Sunday we sometimes (to go) to the cinema or to a disco club. 3. Andrew (to get) up very early as he (to live) far from school. He (to be) never late. 4. It (to be) six o'clock in the evening now. Victor (to do) his homework. His sister (to read) a book. His mother and grandmother (to talk). 5. I (to write) a letter to my grandmother who (to live) in Novgorod. I (to write) to her very often. 6. It (to take) me forty minutes to get to school. 7. Hello, Pete, where you (to go)? — I (to hurry) to school. 8. When your lessons (to begin) on Monday? — They (to begin) at nine o'clock. 9. Where your sister (to be)? — She (to do) her homework in the next room. 10. It usually (to take) me an hour to do my written exercises. 11. Where Boris (to be)? I (to look) for him. — He (to have) dinner. 12. I (to look) for a cassette -recorder. You (to have) anything on sale? — Take a look at this little Sonic Walkman. — No, I (not to want) that kind. — Well, this Supersound might interest you. It (to be) a good size, it (to be) stereo and it (to have) a radio to listen to the news.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I often go. 2. We sometimes go. 3. Andrew gets, he lives, he is never. 4. It is, Victor is doing, his sister is reading, his mother and grandmother are talking. 5. I am writing, who lives, I write. 6. It takes. 7. Where are you going, I am hurrying. 8. When do your lessons begin, they begin. 9. Where is your sister, she is doing. 10. It usually takes. 11. Where is Boris, I am looking, he is having. 12. I am looking, do you have, I don't want, it is, it is, it has.
</section>