---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 187.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Simple или Future Simple. (Все предложения относятся к будущему)."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. If I (to stay) some more days in your town, I (to call) on you and we (to have) a good talk. 2. He (to go) to the Public Library very often when he (to be) a student. 3. As soon as I (to return) from school, I (to ring) you up. 4. You (to pass) many towns and villages on your way before you (to arrive) in Moscow. 5. I (to stay) at home till she (to come). Then we (to go) to the theatre if she (to bring) tickets. 6. After I (to finish) school, I (to enter) the University. 7. When he (to return) to St. Petersburg, he (to call) on us. 8. If I (to see) him, I (to tell) him about their letter. 9. We (to gather) at our place when my brother (to come) back from Africa. 10. I (to sing) this song with you if you (to tell) me the
words. 11. I hope you (to join) us when we (to gather) in our country house the next time. 12. What you (to do) when you (to come) home? 13. When they (to cross) the road, they (to see) the hotel. 14. Before she (to get) to the theatre, she (to go) past the shopping centre. 15. What we (to do) if it (to rain) tonight? 16. What she (to do) if she (to see) her best friend again? 17. If the bus (to be) very crowded, you (to be) exhausted by the time you (to get) to work. 18. If it (to be) very cold tonight, our car (not to start) in the morning.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I stay, I shall call, we shall have. 2. He will go, he is. 3. I return, I shall ring. 4. You will pass, you arrive. 5. I shall stay, she comes, we shall go, she brings, 6. I finish, I shall enter. 7. Не returns, he will call. 8. I see, I shall tell. 9. We shall gather, my brother comes. 10. I shall sing, you tell. 11. You will join, we gather. 12. What will you do, you come. 13. They cross, they will see. 14. She gets, she will go. 15. What shall we do, it rains. 16. What will she do, she sees. 17. The bus is, you will be, you get. 18. It is, our car will not start.
</section>