---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 185.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous, Present Simple или в Future Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. My sister (not to like) coffee. 2. When you (to go) to bed every day? 3. What he (to read) now?
4. What he (to read) every day? 5. What he (to read) tomorrow? 6. You (to give) me this book tomorrow? 7. Where she (to be) tomorrow? 8. Where she (to go) tomorrow? 9. She (to go) to the country with us tomorrow? 10. They (to stay) at home tomorrow. 11. What you (to do) now? I (to see) that you (not to read). 12. When you (to finish) your homework? It (to be) very late, it (to be) time to go to bed. 13. How you usually (to spend) evenings? 14. What you (to do) in the country next summer? 15. They (not to drink) tea now. I (to think) they (to watch) TV.

16. What your father (to drink) in the evening?

17. When you (to get) up every day? — I (to get) up at seven o'clock. 18. My brother usually (not to get) up at seven o'clock. As a rule, he (to get) up at six o'clock, but tomorrow he (to get) up at seven o'clock.

19. Why she (to come) home so late tomorrow?

20. We (to go) to the country the day after tomorrow. 21. Our friends always (to go) to the country for the weekend. 22. Look! The kitten (to play) with its tail. 23. Your parents (to watch) TV now? 24. My sister (not to rest) now. She (to help) mother in the kitchen. She (to help) mother in the kitchen every day.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My sister does not like. 2. When do you go. 3. What is he reading. 4. What does he read. 5. What will he read. 6. Will you give. 7. Where will she be. 8. Where will she go. 9. Will she go. 10. They will stay. 11. What are you doing, I see, you are not reading. 12. When will you finish, it is, it is. 13. How do you usually spend. 14. What will you do. 15. They are not drinking, I think, they are watching. 16. What does your father drink. 17. When do you get, I get. 18. My brother usually does not get, he gets, he will get. 19. Why will she come. 20. We shall go. 21. Our friends always go. 22. The kitten is playing. 23. Are your parents watching. 24. My sister is not resting, she is helping, she helps.
</section>