---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 89. Поставьте следующие предложения во множественное число.
category: noun
---
<section class="question">
1. This phone in the office is out of order. 2. That blouse is made of silk. 3. This is an excellent painting. 4. His book is very popular and it really interests me. 5. It's a difficult word to write. 6. My son is a journalist and he has been very successful. 7. This purse isn't made of leather. 8. That is my neighbour's car. 9. Has he got a camera? 10. It's a new cassette recorder. 11. This room is very large. 12. There is a match in the box. 13. Has this lady a knife? 14. There is a man and a woman in the street. 15. This lady is that gentleman's wife. 16. This shoe is too large for my foot. 17. The child is sitting on a bench. 18. My tooth is white. 19. This key is made of steel. 20. A potato is a vegetable and a cherry is a fruit. 21. This is my friend's study.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Those phones 
in the office are out of order. 2. Those 
blouses are made of silk. 3. These are excellent paintings. 4. His books are very popular and 
they really interest me. 5. They are difficult words to write. 6. My sons are journalists and they have been 
very successful. 7. These purses 
aren't made of leather. 8. Those are 
my neighbours' cars. 9. Have they got cameras? 10. They are new cassette recorders. 
11. These rooms are very large. 12. 
There are some matches in the box. 
13. Have these ladies knives?14. There 
are some men and women in the street.15. These ladies are those gentlemen's wives. 16. These 
shoes are too large for my feet. 17. 
The children are sitting on a bench. 
18. My teeth are white. 19. These keys are made of steel. 20. Potatoes are 
vegetables and cherries are fruit. 
21. These are my friends' studies.
22. Our chiefs are very competent.
</section>