---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 219.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в одном из следующих времен: Present, Past, Future Simple; Present, Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Where your brother (to work)? — He (to work) at an institute. 2. Your grandmother (to sleep) when you (to come) home yesterday? 3. What your brother (to do) tomorrow? 4. I (not to go) to the shop yesterday. I (to go) to the shop tomorrow. 5. Where Kate (to go) when you (to meet) her yesterday?

6. Look at these children: they (to skate) very well.

7. You (to skate) last Sunday? — Yes, we (to skate) the whole day last Sunday. We (to skate) again next Sunday. 8. My brother can skate very well. He (to skate) every Sunday. 9. What you (to do) now? — I (to wash) the dishes. 10. What you (to do) at three o'clock yesterday? — I (to have) dinner. 11. You (to have) dinner now? 12. Every day the boss (to enter) the office at nine o'clock. 13. Yesterday the boss (to enter) the office at half past nine. 14. When the boss (to come) tomorrow? 15. At six o'clock yesterday we (to listen) to a very interesting lecture. 16. When I (to enter) the office, the secretary (to type) some 
letters, 17. My friend (to ring) me up at eight o'clock yesterday, 18. Look! My friends (to play) football. 19. Kate (not to write) letters every day. 20. You (to see) your friend yesterday? 21. Your father (to go) on a business trip last month? 22. What Nick (to do) yesterday? 23. When Nick (to get) up every morning? 24, Where your mother (to go) tomorrow? 25. I (to invite) my friends to come to my place tomorrow. 26. A disco, which (to take) place at the club last weekend, (to keep) people awake half the night.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Where does your brother work, he works. 2. Was your grandmother sleeping, you came. 3. What will your brother do. 4. I did not go, I shall go. 5. Where was Kate going, you met. 6. They are skating. 7. Did you skate, we were skating, we shall skate. 8. He skates. 9. What are you doing, I am washing. 10. What were you doing, I was having. 11. Are you having. 12. The boss enters. 13. The boss entered. 14. When will the boss come. 15. We were listening. 16. I entered, the secretary was typing. 17. My friend rang. 18. My friends are playing. 19. Kate does not write. 20. Did you see. 21. Did your father go. 22. What did Nick do. 23. When does Nick get. 24. Where will your mother go. 25. I shall invite. 26. A disco, which took place, kept.
</section>