---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 26. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. What ... colour is your new ... hat? — It's ... red. 2. Is there ... refrigerator in your ... kitchen? 
3. Where is ... refrigerator in your ... kitchen? — It is in ... corner of ... kitchen. 4. There are ... flowers in our ... living room. ... flowers are in ... beautiful vase. 5. I have ... tea in my ... cup. 6. He has no ... coffee in his ... cup. 7. What ... book did you take from ... library on ... Tuesday? 8. I have ... books, ... exercise books and ... pens in my ... bag. 9. I am ... engineer. I work at ... office. I go to ... office in ... morning. As ... office is far from ... house I live in, I take ... bus to get there. 10. What ... bus do you take to get to ... work? 11. Whose ... pen is this? 12. What ... colour is your ... new ... T-shirt? — It's ... white. 13. She is going to ... music shop to buy ... cassette. What ... cassette is she going to buy?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. What colour is your new hat? — It's red. 2. Is there a refrigerator in your kitchen? 3. Where is the refrigerator in your kitchen? — It is in the corner of the kitchen. 4. There are some flowers in our living room. The flowers are in a beautiful vase. 5. I have some tea in my cup. 6. He has no coffee in his cup. 7. What book did you take from the library on Tuesday? 8. I have some books, exercise books and pens in my bag. 9. I am an engineer I work at an office. I go to the office in the morning. As the office is far from the house I live in, I take a bus to get there. 10. What bus do you take to get to work? 11. Whose pen is this? 12. What colour is your new T-shirt? — It's white. 13. She is going to a music shop to buy a cassette. What cassette is she going to buy? 14. That's the man whose computer was stolen last night. 15. What a smart boy!
</section>