---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 57.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Once ... Frenchman was travelling in ... Sweden. He stopped at ... hotel in ... little Swedish town. It was ... evening, ... man was tired, so he went to ... bed at once. In ... morning he had ... breakfast in ... hotel restaurant. After ... breakfast he went for ... walk. He walked along ... streets of ... town, visited ... museum and ... shops. Presently he felt hungry and dropped into ... cafe for ... lunch. He sat down at ... table, called ... waiter and ordered ... mushrooms. But ... Frenchman did not know ... Swedish and ... waiter did not know ... French. Nobody in ... cafe could speak ... French. Then ... Frenchman took ... piece of ... paper and ... pencil and drew the picture of ... mushroom. ... waiter looked at ... picture and left ... room at once. Five minutes later he returned with ... umbrella.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Once a Frenchman was travelling in Sweden. He stopped at a hotel in a little Swedish town. It was evening, the man was tired, so he went to bed at once. In the morning he had breakfast in the hotel restaurant. After breakfast he went for a walk. He walked along the streets of the town, visited a museum and some shops. Presently he felt hungry and dropped into a cafe for lunch. He sat down at a table, called a waiter and ordered mushrooms. But the Frenchman did not know Swedish and the waiter did not know French. Nobody in the cafe could speak French. Then the Frenchman took a piece of paper and a pencil and drew the picture of a mushroom. The waiter looked at the picture and left the room at once. Five minutes later he returned with an umbrella. What a funny story!
</section>