---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 35. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. ... Neva flows into ... Gulf of ... Finland. 2. ... Pacific Ocean is very deep. 3. ... Urals are not veryhigh. 4. ... Kazbek is ... highest peak of ... Caucasus. 5. ... Alps are covered with ... snow. 6. ... Shetland Islands are situated to ... north of ... Great Britain. 7. ... USA is ... largest country in ... America. 8. ... Crimea is washed by ... Black Sea.
9. ... Lake Baikal is ... deepest lake in ... world.
10. ...   Paris  is  ...  capital  of  ...  France.
11. Lomonosov was born in ... small village on ... shore of ... White Sea. 12. Gogol was born in ... Ukraine in 1809. 13. ... Caucasus separates ... Black Sea from ... Caspian Sea. 14. ... Europe and ... America are separated by ... Atlantic Ocean. 15. ... Baltic Sea is stormy in winter. 16. There are many small islands in ... Pacific Ocean. 17. ... North Sea separates ... British Isles from ... Europe. 18. ... Balkans are old mountains. 19. ... Nile flows across ... northeastern part of ... Africa to ... Mediterranean Sea. 20. Which are ... highest mountains in ... Russia?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. The Neva flows into the Gulf of Finland. 2. The Pacific Ocean is very deep. 3. The Urals are not very high. 4. Kazbek is the highest peak of the Caucasus» 5. The Alps are covered with snow. 6. The Shetland Islands are situated to the north of Great Britain» 7. The USA is the largest country in America. 8. The Crimea is washed by the Black Sea. 9. Lake Baikal is the deepest lake in the world. 10. Paris is the capital of France. 11. Lomonosov was born in a small village on the shore of the White Sea. 12. Gogol was born in the Ukraine in 1809. 13. The Caucasus separates the Black Sea from the Caspian Sea. 14. Europe and America are separated by the Atlantic Ocean. 15. The Baltic Sea is stormy in winter. 16. There are many small islands in the Pacific Ocean. 17. The North Sea separates the British Isles from Europe. 18. The Balkans are old mountains. 19. The Nile flows across the northeastern part of Africa to the Mediterranean Sea. 20. Which are the highest mountains in Russia? 21. When was she in the USA?
</section>