---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 17.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. We always go to ... Russian Museum on ... Sunday. 2. On ... Saturday she usually goes to ... Philharmonic. 3. In ... August he has his ... birthday. He is planning to have ... nice party with his ... friends. 4. There are three rooms and ... kitchen in our new flat. 5. My new dress is made of ... silk. 6. If you want to write something on ... blackboard, you must have ... piece of ... chalk. 7. Are there any pupils in ... classroom? 8. I have ... new English book. ... book is very interesting. 9. There is ... garden in ... front of our school. ... garden is not large, but it is very nice. 10. ... May is ... fifth month of the year. 11. ... Saturday is ... sixth day of the week. 12. ... Sunday is ... day off. 13. Today is ... ninth of ... May. He is going to ... public phone to make ... phone call to his ... grandfather. 14. This is ... nice place. In ... June we are going there for ... holiday.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. We always go to the Russian Museum on Sunday. 2. On Saturday she usually goes to the Philharmonic. 3. In August he has his birthday. He is planning to have a nice party with his friends. 4. There are three rooms and a kitchen in our new flat, 5, My new dress is made of silk. 6. If you want to write something on the blackboard, you must have a piece of chalk. 7. Are there any pupils in the classroom? 8. I have a new English book. The book is very interesting. 9. There is a garden in front of our school. The garden is not large, but it is very nice. 10. May is the fifth month of the year. 11. Saturday is the sixth day of the week. 12. Sunday is a day off. 13. Today is the ninth of May. He is going to a public phone to make a phone call to his grandfather. 14. This is a nice place. In June we are going there for a holiday.
</section>