---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 154. Вставьте предлоги, где необходимо."
category: "preposition"
---
<section class="question">
1. We tried to speak ... him, but he did not want to listen ... us. He did not even look ... us and did not answer ... our questions. 2. Your brother complains ... you. He says you always laugh ... him, never speak ... him and never answer ... his questions. 3. When I entered ... the room, everybody looked ...
me with surprise: they had not waited ... me. 4. At the end ... the street she turned ... the corner, walked ... the bus stop and began waiting ... the bus. 5. My mother is afraid ... rats. 6. "What do you complain ...?" asked the doctor. 7. Don't enter ... the room. 8. What are you laughing ... ? 9. They did not want to listen ... me. 10. Wait... me. I'll be back ... a few minutes. 11. Yesterday the teacher spoke ... us about the architecture ... St. Petersburg. 12. My grandmother often complains ... headache. 13. I am sorry, I cannot speak ... you now, the professor is waiting ... me. I must go ... the institute and explain ... him some details ... our work. Come ... the evening, I shall listen ... you very attentively and answer ... all your questions. 14. Turn ... the corner ... the house and look ... the flowers grown ... my mother: aren't they beautiful? 15. He was an excellent pupil, and the teachers never complained ... him. 16. She complained ... feeling bad and could not answer ... the questions ... the teacher. 17. ... nine o'clock the lecturer entered ... the hall, walked up ... the table, put his bag ... it, looked ... everybody and began his lecture. The lecture, as all the lectures ... this professor, was very interesting, and the students listened ... him with great attention.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. to, to, at, V. 2. about, at, to, V.  3. V, at, for. 4. of, V, to, for.  5. of, 8. of. 7. V 8. at. 9. to. 10. for, in.  11. to, of. 12. of. 13. to. for, to, to, of, in, to, V.  14. V, of, at, by. 15. about. 16. of, V, of. 17. at, V, to, on, at, of, to.  Top
</section>