---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 1.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. This is ... book. It is my ... book. 2. Is this your ... pencil? — No, it isn't my ... pencil, it is my sister's ... pencil. 3. I have ... sister. My ... sister is ... engineer. My sister's ... husband is ... doctor. 4. I have no ... handbag. 5. She has got ... headache. 6. Have they got ... car? — Yes, they have. Their ... car is very expensive but reliable. 7. Have you got ... calculator? — No, I haven't. 8. Is this ... watch? — No, it isn't ... watch, it's ... pen. 9. This ... pen is good, and that ... pen is bad. 10. I can see ... pencil on your ... table, but I can see no ... paper. 11. Give me ... chair, please. 12. They have ... dog and two ... cats. 13. I have ... spoon in my ... plate, but I have no ... soup in it. 14. My ... friend says he is going to be ... millionaire one ... day. 15. Would you like ... orange? 16. Mr. Smith is ... artist, Mrs. Smith is ... poetess.

<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. This is a book. It is my book. 2. Is this your pencil? — No, it isn't my pencil, it is my sister's pencil. 3. I have a sister. My sister is an engineer. My sister's husband is a doctor. 4. I have no handbag. 5. She has got a headache. 6. Have they got a car? — Yes, they have. Their car is very expensive but reliable. 7. Have you got a calculator? — No, I haven't. 8. Is this a watch? — No, it isn't a watch, it's a pen. 9. This pen is good, and that pen is bad. 10. I can see a pencil on your table, but I can see no paper. 11. Give me a chair, please. 12, They have a dog and two cats. 13. I have a spoon in my plate, but I have no soup in it. 14. My friend says he is going to be a millionaire one day. 15. Would you like an orange? 16. Mr. Smith is an artist, Mrs. Smith is a poetess.
</section>