---
layout: 
title: 
category: preposition
---
<p>В целях выработки беглости речи полезно запомнить следующие словосочетания</p>
<h4>ГДЕ?</h4>
<p>On the table - на столе,<br> on the floor, on the sofa, on the chair, on the window-sill, on the ground, on the grass, on the roof, on the bridge, on the platform, on the shelf, on the cupboard, on the bench, on the snow, on the ice, on the wall, on the blackboard, on the table, on the floor, on the sofa, on the chair, on the window-sill, on the ground, on the grass, on the roof, on the bridge, on the platform, on the shelf, on the cupboard, on the bench, on the snow, on the ice, on the wall, on the blackboard.</p>
<h4>КУДА?</h4>
<p>On the table - на стол,<br> on the floor, on the sofa, on the chair, on the window-sill, on the ground, on the grass, on the roof, on the bridge, on the platform, on the shelf, on the cupboard, on the bench, on the snow, on the ice, on the wall, on the blackboard, on the table, on the floor, on the sofa, on the chair, on the window-sill, on the ground, on the grass, on the roof, on the bridge, on the platform, on the shelf, on the cupboard, on the bench, on the snow, on the ice, on the wall, on the blackboard.</p>
<h4>ГДЕ?</h4>
<p>In the room - в комнате,<br> in the kitchen, in the house, in the car, in the box, in the cupboard, in the bag, in the pocket, in the hall, in the plate, in the cup, in the glass, in the bottle, in the snow, in the water, in the river, in the lake, in the sea, in the wood, in the park, in the garden, in the yard, in the classroom.</p>
<h4>КУДА?</h4>
<p>Into the room - в комнату,<br> into the kitchen, into the house, into the car, into the box, into the cupboard, into the bag, into the pocket, into the hall, into the plate, into the cup, into the glass, into the bottle, into the snow, into the water, into the river, into the lake, into the sea, into the wood, into the park, into the garden, into the yard, into the classroom.</p>
 <p></p>