---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 213.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Past Simple или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. Lena (to clean) the room on Sunday. 2. Lena (to clean) the room from eleven till twelve on Sunday. 3. They (to go) to the wood last Sunday? 4. When they (to sail) down the river they (to see) a little island. 5. We (to work) the whole morning yesterday. 6. Mother (to cook) dinner at three o'clock yesterday. 7. She (to finish) cooking at four o'clock yesterday. 8. At half past four yesterday we (to have) dinner. 9. They (to translate) a difficult text yesterday. 10. I (to open) the window at six o'clock yesterday. 11. You (to go) to the cinema yesterday? 12. I (not to see) Mike last week. 13. When I (to open) the door, my friends (to sit) around the table. 14. When you (to begin) doing your homework yesterday? 15. We (to discuss) the latest news from three till four yesterday. 16. When I (to read) the newspaper yesterday, I (to find) an interesting article on UFOs. 17. You (to watch) TV yesterday? — Yes, we (to watch) TV the whole evening yesterday. 18. When you (to go) to bed yesterday? 19. I (to go) to bed at ten o'clock yesterday. 20. At half past ten yesterday I (to sleep). 21. When I (to come) home from school yesterday, my little brother (to sit) on the floor with all his toys around him. He (to play) with them. I (to tell) him to put his toys into the box as he (to make) too much noise.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Lena swept. 2. Lena was sweeping. 3. Did they go. 4. They were sailing, they saw. 5. We were working. 6. Mother was cooking. 7. She finished. 8. We were having. 9. They translated. 10. I opened. 11. Did you go. 12. I did not see. 13. I opened, my friends were sitting. 14. When did you begin. 15. We were discussing. 16. I was reading, I found. 17. Did you watch, we were watching. 18. When did you go. 19. I went. 20. I was sleeping. 21. I came, my little brother was sitting, he was playing, I told, he was making.
</section>