---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 63.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. Everyone in our country knows Lomonosov, ... founder of ... first Russian university. 2. Nekrasov, ... famous Russian poet, described ... life of ... Russian peasants. 3. I don't want to miss ... concert which will take place at ... Philharmonic on ... 15th of ... April. 4. He graduated from ... university six years ago. Now he is ... scientist. And though he is ... young scientist, his name is well known. 5. My aunt is ... teacher of ... physics. 6. Yesterday I read ... book by Dickens, ... famous English writer. 7.1 am sorry, I don't know ... way to ... nearest cafe: I am ... stranger here myself. 8. ... town I was born in is on ... Volga. 9. Who is ... author of this book? 10. ... quarter of ... hour was left before ... beginning of ... concert. We entered ... hall and saw ... group of ... pupils of our school. We joined them.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Everyone in our country knows Lomonosov, the founder of the first Russian university. 2. Nekrasov, a famous Russian poet, described the life of Russian peasants. 3. I don't want to miss the concert which will take place at the Philharmonic on the 15th of April. 4. He graduated from the university six years ago. Now he is a scientist. And though he is a young scientist, his name is well known. 5. My aunt is a teacher of physics. 6. Yesterday I read a book by Dickens, a famous English writer. 7. I am sorry, I don't know the way to the nearest cafe: I am a stranger here myself. 8. The town I was born in is on the Volga. 9. Who is the author of this book? 10. A quarter of an hour was left before the beginning of the concert. We entered the hall and saw a group of pupils of our school. We joined them.
</section>