---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 76. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
William Shakespeare, ... greatest English playwright, was born in 1564 in ... Stratford-upon-Avon in ... England. ... Stratford is ... small country town in ... farming district near ... centre of ... England. ... Avon, which is ... pretty river with ... grass and ... trees all along its banks, runs through ... Stratford. Not much is known of ... Shakespeare's father. He was ... farmer who, at ... different times of his life, sold ... meat and bought and sold ... wool. He was poor and was often in ... money difficulties. Very little is known about ... life of his only son William also. ... little house in which ... great writer was born still stands. It is now ... museum. William went to ... school in ... Stratford. In 1586 he went to ... London. Probably ... first work he did there was at one of the two theatres that there were in ... London at that time. Then he became ... actor and soon began to write ... plays for ... company of actors to which he belonged. Shakespeare bought ... largest house in his home town in 1597, but he did not spend much time there till 1610. He spent... last years of his life mostly in ... Stratford, but he often visited ... London. He died in 1616.
</section>

<section class="answer">
William Shakespeare, the greatest English playwright, was born in 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon in England. Stratford is a small country town in a farming district near the centre of England, The Avon, which is a pretty river with grass and trees all along its banks, runs through Stratford. Not much is known of Shakespeare's father. He was a farmer who, at different times of his life, sold meat and bought and sold wool. He was poor and was often in money difficul-ties. Very little is known about the life of his only son William also. The little house in which the great writ-er was born still stands. It is now a museum. William went to school in Stratford. In 1586 he went to London. Probably the first work he did there was at one of the two theatres that there were in London at that time. Then he became an actor and soon began to write plays for the company of actors to which he belonged. Shakespeare bought the largest house in his home town in 1597, but he did not spend much time there till 1610. He spent the last years of his life mostly in Stratford, but he often visited London. He died in 1616.
</section>