---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 77. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Last July, my ... 65-year-old father was on his ... dayly run. It was ... unusually hot ... day, and he felt ... little sick, so he stopped to rest in ... shade. ... passerby asked if he needed help, but my ... father said, "No," figuring he'd be able to get... home. Minutes later, ... other person stopped. ... man realized something was seriously wrong and called 911. That ... stranger saved my father's ... life. Dad suffered ... heart attack and was hospitalized for five ... days.
I cannot thank that ... passerby enough for getting involved and helping ... stranger when it would have been easier to walk away. Now, my ... father has many ... years left to enjoy his ... grandchildren.
Let everybody be ... Good Samaritans when they see ... need. ... life could depend on it.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Last July, my 65-year-old father was on his dayly run. It was an unusually hot day, and he felt a little sick, so he stopped to rest in the shade. A passerby asked if he needed help, but my father said, "No," figuring he'd be able to get home. Minutes later, another person stopped. The man realized something was seriously wrong and called 911. That stranger saved my father's life. Dad suffered a heart attack and was hospitalized for five days. I cannot thank that passerby enough for getting in-volved and helping when it would have been easier to walk away. Now, my father has many years left to enjoy his grandchildren. Let everybody be Good Samaritans when they see the need. A life could depend on it.
</section>