---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 16.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. My brother is ... pupil. He goes to ... school. He goes to ... school in ... morning. He has five or six ... lessons every day. In ... afternoon he goes ... home. At ... home he does his ... homework. In ... evening he reads ... books. He usually goes to ... bed at ... half past ten. At ... night he sleeps. 2. My father goes to ... work in ... morning and comes ... home in ... evening. 3. I get up at ... half past seven in ... morning and go to ... bed at ... quarter to eleven in ... evening. 4. When does your mother leave ... home for ... work? — She leaves ... home for ... work at ... quarter past eight. 5. When do you leave ... home for ... school? — I leave ... home for ... school at ... half past ... eight. 6. What do you do when you come ... home from ... school? — I do my ... homework, talk to my ... friends on ... phone and go for ... walks. I often listen to ... music. I like ... jazz best.

<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My brother is a pupil. He goes to school. He goes to school in the morning. He has five or six lessons every day. In the afternoon he goes home. At home he does his homework. In the evening he reads books. He usually goes to bed at half past ten. At night he sleeps. 2. My father goes to work in the morning and comes home in the evening. 3. I get up at half past seven in the morning and ga to bed at a quarter to eleven in the evening. 4. When does your mother leave home for work? — She leaves home for work at a quarter past eight. 5. When do you leave home for school? — I leave home for school at half past eight. 6. What do you do when you come home from school? — I do my homework, talk to my friends on the phone and go for walks., "' I often listen to music. I like jazz best. Sometimes I play computer games.
</section>