---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 2.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. Не hasn't got ... car. But he's got ... computer. ... computer is new. 2. My ... friends have got ... cat and ... dog. ... dog never bites ... cat. 3. This is ... tree. ... tree is green. 4. I can see three ... boys. ... boys are playing. 5. I have ... bicycle. ... bicycle is black. My ... friend has no ... bicycle. 6. Our ... room is large. 7. We wrote ... dictation yesterday. ... dictation was long. 8. She has two ... daughters and one ... son. Her ... son is ... pupil. 9. Last year I gave my ... mother ... bracelet for her ... birthday. She liked ... bracelet. 10. My ... brother's ... friend has no ... dog. 11. This ... pencil is broken. Give me that ... pencil, please. 12. She has ... ball. ... ball is ... big. 13. I got ... letter from my ... friend yesterday. ... letter was interesting. 14. When they were in Geneva, they stayed at ... hotel. Sometimes they had dinner at ... hotel and sometimes in ... restaurant.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. He hasn't got a car. But he's got a computer. The computer is new. 2. My friends have got a cat and a dog. The dog never bites the cat. 3, This is a tree. The tree is green. 4. I can see three boys. The boys are playing. 5. I have a bicycle. The bicycle is black. My friend has no bicycle. 6. Our room is large. 7. We wrote a dictation yesterday. The dictation was long. 8. She has two daughters and one son. Her son is a pupil. 9. Last year I gave my mother a bracelet for her birthday. She liked the bracelet. 10. My brother's friendhas no dog. 11. This pencil is broken. Give me that pencil, please. 12. She has a ball. The ball is big. 13. I got a letter from my friend yesterday. The letter was interesting. 14. When they were in Geneva, they stayed at a hotel. Sometimes they had dinner at the hotel and sometimes in a restaurant. 15. I've got an idea. 16. What a surprise!
</section>