---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 39. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. Teckle comes from ... very old country on ... Nile. It is called ... Ethiopia. ... Ethiopia is ... beautiful mountainous country. Teckle is ... young man. He wants to become ... engineer. He is very happy to be ... student of ... St. Petersburg University. He spends ... lot of time at ... library reading and studying different subjects. Very often in ... evening his new friends and he walk about ... city talking about their native countries. 2. Galina lives in ... Ukraine. She lives in ... small village near ... Odessa. She is ... librarian. In summer she has ... lot of ... work: she takes ... newspapers and ... magazines to ... people who work in the fields. Galina wants to enter ... Moscow University and now she is preparing for ... entrance examinations. 3. My friend lives in ... America. He is ... student. He studies ... history at ... Harvard University.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Teckle comes from a very old country on the Nile. It is called Ethiopia. Ethiopia is a beautiful mountainous country. Teckle is a young man. He wants to be come an engineer. He is very happy to be a student of St. Petersburg University. He spends a lot of time at the library reading and studying different subjects, Very often in the evening his new friends and he walk about the city talking about their native countries. 2. Galina lives in the Ukraine. She lives in a small village near Odessa. She is a librarian. In summer she has a lot of work: she takes newspapers and magazines to the people who work in the fields. Galina wants to enter Moscow University and now she is preparing for the entrance examinations. 3. My friend lives in America. He is a student. He studies history at Harvard University. 4. Every year, thousands of students come to Cambridge from overseas to study English.   Ilse, a German student, graduated from Cambridge University two years ago. What a talented girl!
</section>