---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 33. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. Moscow is situated on ... Moscow River. ...
Moscow is a river that moves very slowly. There is ... canal called ... Moscow-Volga Canal which joins ... Moscow to ... Volga. ... Volga runs into ... Caspian Sea. 2. Several rivers run into ... sea at... New York. ... most important is ... Hudson River which empties into ... Atlantic Ocean. Besides ... Hudson there are ... two other rivers: ... East River and ... Harlem River. 3. In ... Siberia there are many long rivers: ... Ob, ... Irtysh, ... Yenissei, ... Lena and ... Amur. 4. ... Altai Mountains are ... higher than ... Urals. 5. There is ... splendid ... view of ... Lake Geneva from this hotel. 6. My ... friends have travelled a lot. This ... year they are going to fly to ... Canary Islands. 7. Which river flows through ... London? —... Thames. 8. Of which country is ... Washington ... capital? — ... United States. 9. ... United Kingdom consists of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 10. Chicago is on ... Lake Michigan.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Moscow is situated on the Moscow River. The Moscow is a river that moves very slowly. There is a canal called the Moscow-Volga Canal which joins the   Moscow to the Volga. The Volga runs into the Caspian Sea. 2. Several rivers run into the sea at New York. The most important is the Hudson River which empties into the Atlantic Ocean. Besides the Hudson there are two other rivers: the East River and the Harlem River. 3. In Siberia there are many long rivers: the Ob, the Irtysh, the Yenissei, the Lena and the Amur. 4. The Altai Mountains are higher than the Urals. 5. There is a splendid view of Lake Geneva from this hotel. 6. My friends have travelled a lot. This year they are going to fly to the Canary Islands. 7. Which river flows through London? — The Thames. 8, Of which country is Washington the capital? — The United States. 9. The United Kingdom consists of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 10. Chicago is on Lake Michigan.
</section>