---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 11.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. There is ... jar of ... orange ... marmelade in ... middle of ... shelf. 2. There is ... big ... box of ... cereal to ... right of you. 3. There is ... bunch of ... bananas on ... table. Don't keep them in ... refrigerator. 4. There is ... loaf of ... white ... bread on ... upper ... shelf of ... refrigerator. If you want your ... bread to be fresh, keep it only in ... refrigerator. 5. Is there ... bag of ... flour in ... cupboard? 6. There was ... bottle of ... lemonade in ... corner of ... kitchen. 7. There is ... thick red ... carpet in my ... room. ... carpet is on ... floor in ... front of ... sofa. 8. Where is ... table in your brother's ... room? —  His ... table is near ... window. 9. I can see ... fine ... vase on ... shelf. Is it your ... vase? 10. We have no ... piano in our ... living room. 11. My ... uncle is ... married. He has ... beautiful wife. They have ... son, but they have no ... daughter. 12. I can see ... nice ... coffee table in ... middle of ... room to ... right of ... door. It is ... black and ... red. I like ... coffee table. 13. Our ... TV set is on ... little ... table in ... corner of ... room. 14. There is... beautiful picture in my father's ... study. ... picture is on ... wall to ... left of ... window.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. There is a jar of orange marmelade in the middle of the shelf. 2. There is a big box of cereal to the right of you. 3. There is a bunch of bananas on the table. Don't keep them in the refrigerator. 4. There is a loaf of white bread on the upper shelf of the refrigerator. If you want your bread to be fresh, keep it only in the refrigerator. 5. Is there a bag of flour in the cupboard? 6. There was a bottle of lemonade in the corner of the kitchen. 7. There is a thick red carpet in my room. The carpet is on the floor in front of the sofa. 8. Where is the table in your brother's room? — His table is near the window. 9. I can see a fine vase on the shelf. Is it your vase? 10. We have no piano in our living room. 11. My uncle is married. He has a beautiful wife. They have a son, but they have no daughter. 12. I can see a nice coffee table in the middle of the room to the right of the door. It is black and red. I like the coffee table. 13. Our TV set is on a little table in the corner of the room. 14. There is a beautiful picture in my father's study. The picture is on the wall to the left of the window. 15. What a picture!
</section>