---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 27. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
Here is ... large window. Through ... window we can see ... room. Opposite ... window there is ... door. On ... door there is ... curtain. In ... corner of ... room there is ... round table. On it we can see ... books and ... telephone. There is ... bookshelf over ... table. On ... bookshelf we can see ... newspapers and ... book by ... Jack London. There are ... two ... pictures in ... room. One ... picture is small, ... other picture is very large. There are ... two bookcases in ... room. ... bookcases are full of ... books. There is ... large sofa in ... room. On ... sofa we can see ... bag. Whose ... bag is that? There is no ... bed in ... room. On ... small table near ... window there are ... flowers and ... glass of ... water. In ... front of ... window we can see ... armchair.
</section>

<section class="answer">
Here is a large window. Through the window we can see a room. Opposite the window there is a door. On the door there is a curtain. In the corner of the room there is a round table. On it we can see some books and a telephone. There is a bookshelf over the table. On the bookshelf we can see some newspapers and a book by Jack London. There are two pictures in the room. One picture is small, the other picture is very large. There are two bookcases in the room. The bookcases are full of books. There is a large sofa in the room. On the sofa we can see a bag. Whose bag is that? There is no bed in the room. On a small table near the window there are some flowers and a glass of water. In front of the window we can see an armchair.
</section>