---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 18.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. My friends live in ... small town. It is ... new town. ... streets in ... town are broad and straight. There are ... beautiful buildings in them. ... town is very green, and so ... air is fresh. There are ... beautiful parks and gardens in ... town. ... people like to go there after ... work. In ... evening you can hear ... sounds of ... music from ... parks. There are ... schools, ... libraries, ... hospital, ... theatre, ... cinemas, ... polyclinics and ... kindergartens in ... town 2. This is ... classroom. ... classroom is large an light. 3. There is ... picture on ... wall. 4. What ... date today? It is ... seventh of ... December. 5. ... third lesson today is ... lesson of English. 6. Pet go to ... blackboard. 7. After school I usually go ... home. 8. My father always comes from ... work late at eight o'clock or at ... half past eight. But on ... Friday he comes ... home early: at half past four or at ... quarter to five. On ... Saturday and on ... Sunday he does not go to ... work.<br><br>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My friends live in a small town. It is a new town. The streets in the town are broad and straight. There are beautiful buildings in them. The town is very green? and so the air is fresh. There are some beautiful parks and gardens in the town. The people like to go there after work. In the evening you can hear the sounds of music from the parks. There are some schools, some libraries, a hospital, a theatre, some cinemas, some polyclinics and some kindergartens in the town. 2. This is a classroom. The classroom is large and light. 3. There is a picture on the wall. 4. What is the date today? It is the seventh of December. 5. The third lesson today is a lesson of English. 6. Pete, go to the blackboard. 7. After school I usually go home. 8. My father always comes from work late: at eight o'clock or at half past eight. But on Friday he comes home early: at half past four or at a quarter to five. On Saturday and on Sunday he does not go to work.

1. This is a classroom. The classroom is large and light. 
2. There is a picture on the wall. 
3. What is the date today? It is the seventh of December. 
4. The third lesson today is a lesson of English. 
5. Pete, go to the blackboard. 
6. After school I usually go home. 
7. My father always comes from work late: at eight o'clock or at half past eight. But on Friday he comes home early: at half past four or at a quarter to five. On Saturday and on Sunday he does not go to work.
8. My friends live in a small town. It is a new town. The streets in the town are broad and straight. There are beautiful buildings in them. The town is very green? and so the air is fresh. There are some beautiful parks and gardens in the town. The people like to go there after work. In the evening you can hear the sounds of music from the parks. There are some schools, some libraries, a hospital, a theatre, some cinemas, some polyclinics and some kindergartens in the town.
</section>