---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 44. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
Swift, ... famous English writer, was travelling one day on ... horseback with his servant. ... weather was bad, it was raining, and ... roads were muddy. In ... evening the two  men came to ... inn. Before going to ... bed Swift told his servant to clean his boots. But ... servant was lazy and did not do it. In
... morning Swift asked ... servant why he had not cleaned ... boots. "What's ... use cleaning ... boots now?" said ... servant. "... roads are muddy, and ... boots will soon be dirty again." "All right," said ... writer. "Let's go. We must continue ... journey." "But I haven't had ... breakfast," said ... displeased servant. "Well, what's ... use giving you ... breakfast now?" said Swift: "You will soon be hungry again."
</section>

<section class="answer">
Swift, a famous English writer, was travelling one day on horseback with his servant. The weather was bad, it was raining, and the roads were muddy. In the evening the two men came to an inn. Before going to bed Swift told his servant to clean his boots. But the servant was lazy and did not do it. In the morning Swift asked the servant why he had not cleaned the boots. "What's the use cleaning the boots now?" said the servant. "The roads are muddy, and the boots will soon be dirty again." "All right," said the writer. "Let's go. We must continue the journey." "But I haven't had breakfast," said the displeased servant. "Well, what's the use giving you breakfast now?" said Swift: "You will soon be hungry again."
</section>