---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 31. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо
category: article
---
<section class="question">
It was ... hot day. ... sun was shining brightly in ... blue sky. ... wolf and ... lamb met at ... stream. ... water in ... stream was cool and clear. ... wolf saw that ... lamb was fat and wanted to eat it. He began to shout: "You, ... fool, you are making ... water dirty!" ... lamb was afraid. It looked at ... wolf and said in ... thin voice: "But, ... Mr. Wolf, I cannot make ... water dirty for you from ... place where I am standing, because ... stream runs from you to me.". "Stop talking!" shouted ... wolf in ... angry voice. "I know you! I met you six months ago, and you were very rude to me." "You are wrong, ... Mr. Wolf," cried ... lamb, "you  could not meet me six months ago: I am only four ... months old." "Never mind," said ... wolf, "if it wasn't you, it was your brother." And with these ... words he seized ... poor lamb and carried it into ... wood.
</section>

<section class="answer">
It was a hot day. The sun was shining brightly in the blue sky. A wolf and a lamb met at a stream. The water in the stream was cool and clear. The wolf saw that lamb was fat and wanted to eat it. He began to shout: "You, fool, you are making the water dirty!" The lamb was afraid. It looked at the wolf and said in a thin voice: "But,'Mr. Wolf, I canifot make the water dirty for you from the place where I am standing, because the stream runs from you to me." "Stop talking!" shouted the wolf in an angry voice. "I know you! I met you six months ago, and you were very rude to me." "You are wrong, Mr. Wolf," cried the lamb, "you could not meet me six months ago: I am only four months old." "Never mind," said the wolf, "if it wasn't you, it was your brother." And with these words he seized the poor lamb and carried it into the wood.
</section>