---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 22.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. For ... breakfast I have ... coffee with ... milk and ... sugar. I have ... jam, too. There are ... different things on ... dinner table. There is ... bread, ... butter and ... ham. There are ... cups and ... glasses there. There is ... jug on ... table. ... milk in ... jug is hot. There is ... teapot on ... table. There is ... tea in ... teapot. ... tea is hot, too. There are ... plates, .... forks and ... knives on ... table. 2. ... lamp is on ... table. 3. There is ... lamp on ... table. 4. Is there ... lamp on ... table? 5. Is ... lamp on ... table? 6. Is there ... clock on ... wall? 7. There are two ... shelves on ... wall. 8. Where are ... shelves? — ... shelves are on ... wall. 9. They have ... large flat. There are ... four rooms in ... flat. 10. Is ... newspaper on ... table? 11. Is there ... newspaper on ... table? 12. There is ... butter on ... plate. 13. Where is ... butter? — ... butter is on ... little plate. 14. There is ... white and ... brown bread on ... table.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. For breakfast I have coffee with milk and sugar. I have jam, too. There are different things on the dinner table. There is some bread, some butter and some ham. There are some cups and some glasses there. There is a jug on the table. The milk in the jug is hot. There is a teapot on the table. There is tea in the teapot. The tea is hot, too. There are some plates, some forks and some knives on the table. 2. The lamp is on the table. 3. There is a lamp on the table. 4. Is there a lamp on the table? 5. Is the lamp on the table? 6. Is there a clock on the wall? 7. There are two shelves on the wall. 8. Where are the shelves? — The shelves are on the wall. 9. They have a large flat. There are four rooms in the flat. 10. Is the newspaper on the table? 11. Is there a newspaper on the table? 12. There is some butter on the plate. 13. Where is the butter? — The butter is on a little plate. 14. There is some white and brown bread on the table.
</section>