---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 78. Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
... young man attempted to rob ... store near my ... office. He bought ... bag of ... potato chips, and while ... clerk was making ... change, he attempted to grab ... money from ... cash register. When ... clerk quickly closed ... drawer, ... man tried to take ... cash register but it was so heavy, he couldn't lift
it. Не got angry. There was ... rack full of ... cigarettes in ... corner of ... store. He decided to grab ... cigarettes but ... clerk stopped him.
... man drove away empty-handed, but was spotted by ... police for driving ... stolen car. ... police pursued him with ... lights flashing and ... sirens blaring. He was soon arrested and charged with ... possession of ... stolen vehicle, careless and reckless driving and speeding. His ... fine was set at $2,000.
While being escorted, ... man asked if he could stop near .. store and get his ... potato chips, since he had paid for them. ... clerk at ... store identified him as ... man who tried to steal ... cash register, and he was charged with ... attempted robbery. His ... fine was increased to $15,000; he sits in ... jail awaiting ... trial.
</section>

<section class="answer">
A young man attempted to rob a store near my office. He bought a bag of potato chips, and while the clerk was making change, he attempted to grab the money from the cash register. When the clerk quickly closed the drawer, the man tried to take the cash register but it was so heavy, he couldn't lift it. He got angry. There was a rack full of cigarettes in the corner of the store. He decided to grab the cigarettes but the clerk stopped him. The man drove away empty-handed, but was spotted by the police for driving a stolen car. The police pursued him with lights flashing and sirens blaring. He was soon arrested and charged with possession of a stolen vehicle, careless and reckless driving and speeding. His fine was set at $2,000. While being escorted, the man asked if he could stop near the store and get his potato chips, since he had paid for them. The clerk at the store identified him as the man who tried to steal the cash register, and he was charged with attempted robbery. His fine was increased to $15,000; he sits in jail awaiting trial.
</section>