---
layout: post
title: Упражнение 24.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо.
category: article
---
<section class="question">
1. My ... aunt and my ... uncle are ... doctors. They work at ... hospital. They get up at seven o'clock in ... morning. They go to ... bed at eleven o'clock. 2. I work in ... morning and in ... afternoon. I don't work in ... evening. I sleep at ... night. 3. When do you leave ... home for ... school? — I leave ... home at ... quarter past eight in ... morning. 4. What does your mother do after ... breakfast? — She goes to ... work. 5. Is there ... sofa in your ... living room? — Yes, there is ... cosy little ... sofa in ... living room. — Where is ... sofa? — It is in ... corner of ... room to ... left of ... door. I like to sit on this ... sofa in ... front of ... TV set in ... evening. 6. There is ... nice coffee table near ... window. There are ... newspapers on ... coffee table. 7. There is ... tea in ... glass. 8. When do you watch

... TV? — I watch ... TV in ... evening. We have ... large colour TV set in our ... room. There is ... beautiful vase on ... TV set. There are ... flowers in ... vase. 9. I have ... large writing desk in ... study. There is ... paper on ... writing desk. My ... books and ... exercise books are on ... writing desk, too.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. My aunt and my uncle are doctors. They work at c a hospital. They get up at seven o'clock in the morning. They go to bed at eleven o'clock. 2. I work in the morning and in the afternoon. I don't work in the evening. I sleep at night. 3. When do you leave home for school? — I leave home at a quarter past eight in the morning. 4. What does your mother do after breakfast? — She goes to work. 5. Is there a sofa in your living room? — Yes, there is a cosy little sofa in the living room. — Where is the sofa? — It is in the cor-0 ner of the room to the left of the door. I like to sit on this sofa in front of the TV set in the evening. 6. There is a nice coffee table near the window. There are some newspapers on the coffee table. 7. There is some tea in the glass. 8. When do you watch TV? — I watch TV in the evening. We have a large colour TV set in our room. There is a beautiful vase on the TV set. There are some flowers in the vase. 9. I have a large writing desk in the study. There is some paper on her writing desk. My books and exercise books are on the writing desk, too.
</section>