---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 176.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или в Present Simple."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. His father (not to watch) TV at the moment. He (to sleep) because he (to be) tired. 2. Pat (not to cook) dinner at the moment. She (to talk) on the phone. She (to cook) dinner every Monday. 3. I (not to drink) coffee now. I (to write) an English exercise. 4. I (not to drink) coffee in the evening. I (to drink) coffee in the morning. 5. Your friend (to do) his homework now? 6. Your friend (to go) to school in the morning? 7. Look! The baby (to sleep). 8. The baby always (to sleep) after dinner. 9. My grandmother (not to work). She is on pension. 10. My father (not to sleep) now. He (to work) in the garden. 11. I usually (to get) up at seven o'clock in the morning. 12. What your sister (to do) now? — She (to wash) her face and hands. 13. When you usually (to come) home from school? — I (to come) at three o'clock. 14. Where your cousin (to work)? — He (to work) at a hospital. 15. Ypur sister (to study) at college? — No, she (to study) at school. 16. My cousin (to go) to school every day. 17. My mother (not to play) the piano now. She (to play) the piano in the morning. 18. When you (to listen) to the news on the radio? 19. Who (to make) breakfast for you now? 20. You (to read) a magazine and (to think) about your holiday at the moment? 21. They (to be) good dancers but they (not to go) to discos very often. 22. What she (to talk) about right now?
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. His father is not watching, he is sleeping, he is. 2. Pat is not cooking, she is talking, she cooks. 3. I am not drinking, I am writing. 4. I do not drink, I drink. 5. Is your friend doing. 6. Does your friend go. 7. The baby is sleeping. 8. The baby always sleeps. 9. My grandmother does not work. 10. My father is not sleeping, he is working. 11. I usually get. 12. What is your sister doing? She is washing. 13. When do you usually come, I come. 14. Where does your cousin work, he works. 15. Does your sister study, she studies. 16. My cousin goes. 17. My mother is not playing, she plays. 18. When do you listen. 19. Who is making. 20. Are you reading 21. They are, they don't go. 22. What is she talking.
</section>