---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 88. Поставьте следующие предложения во множественное число."
category: "noun"
---
<section class="question">
1. This cup is dirty. 2. That biscuit was delicious.
3. This hotel is very expensive but it's very nice.
4. There is a children's playground in the park.
5. That is a new supermarket in our town. 6. It's a delicious lemon pie for dessert. 7. It's a nice cotton dress for my niece. 8. This man is an engineer. 9. That woman is my sister. 10. This child is my son. 11. That goose is big. 12. This mouse is white. 13. This man is a doctor. 14. That woman is my cousin. She is a teacher. 15. That girl is my niece. She is a pupil. 16. This girl has a blue sweater. 17. This boy has a good coat. 18. My uncle has a large flat. 19. There is a table in the room. 20. I have a good pen. My pen is in my pocket. 21. There is a flower in the vase. 22. This child's foot is sore.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. These cups are dirty. 2. Those 
biscuits were tasty. 3. These hotels are very expensive but they are very nice. 
4. There are children's playgrounds in the park. 5. Those are new supermarkets 
in our town. 6. They are delicious lemon pies for dessert. 7. They are nice 
cotton dresses for my nieces. 8. These men are engineers. 9. Those women are my 
sisters. 10. These children are my sons. 11. Those geese are big. 12. These 
mice are white. 13. These men are doctors. 14. Those women are my cousins. They 
are teachers. 15. Thosegirls are my nieces. They are 
pupils. 16. These girls have blue sweaters. 17. These boys have good coats. 18. 
My uncles have large flats. 19. There are some tables in the room. 20. We have 
good pens. Our pens are in our pockets. 21. There are some flowers in the vase. 
22. These children's feet are sore. 


 1. These men are engineers.
 2. Those women are my sisters. 
3. These children are my sons. 
4. Those geese are big. 
5. These mice are white. 
6. These men are doctors. 
7. Those women are my cousins. They 
are teachers.  
8. Those girls are my nieces. They are 
pupils. 
9. These girls have blue sweaters. 
10. These boys have good coats. 
11. My uncles have large flats. 
12. There are some tables in the room. 
13. We have 
good pens. Our pens are in our pockets. 
14. There are some flowers in the vase. 
15. These children's feet are sore. 
16. These cups are dirty. 
17. Those biscuits were tasty. 
18. These hotels are very expensive but they are very nice. 
19. There are children's playgrounds in the park. 
20. Those are new supermarkets in our town. 
21. They are delicious lemon pies for dessert. 
22. They are nice cotton dresses for my nieces.
</section>