---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 15.  Вставьте артикль, где необходимо."
category: "article"
---
<section class="question">
1. Every day my ... brother and I get up at eight o'clock and walk to ... school. I like ... school. It's ... fun. My ... brother loves ... football. He hates ... homework. So he doesn't like to go to ... school. Will he go to ... work in ... future? 2. My ... friend has to get up early in ... morning because he goes to ... school. That's why he usually goes to ... bed early in ... evening. 3. ... weather was very bad in ... morning yesterday. ... sky was grey and it was raining. But in ... middle of ... day ... weather began to change. ... rain stopped and ... sun appeared from behind ... clouds. In ... afternoon it was very warm. 

I did not want to stay at ... home and went into ... yard. There were ... boys and ... girls in ... yard. We played in ... yard till late in ... evening. When I came ... home, I drank ... tea, ate ... sandwich and went to ... bed at once. I slept very well at ... night.
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. Every day my brother and I get up at eight o'clock and walk to school. I like school. It's fun. My brother loves football. He hates homework. So he doesn't like to go to school. Will he go to work in the future? 2. My friend has to get up early in the morning because he goes to school. That's why he usually goes to bed early in the evening. 3. The weather was very bad in the morning yesterday. The sky was grey and it was raining. But in the middle of the day the weather began to change. The rain stopped and the sun appeared from behind the clouds. In the afternoon it was very warm. I did not want to stay at home and went into the yard. There were boys and girls in the yard. We played in the yard till late in the evening. When I came home, I drank tea, ate a sandwich and went to bed at once. I slept very well at night.
</section>