---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 189.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Simple или Future Simple. (Все предложения относятся к будущему)."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. My grandmother is superstitious. She always says to me: "If you (to spill) salt, you should throw a little salt over your left shoulder. If you (not to do) this, you (to have) bad luck. If you (to break) a mirror, you (to have) bad luck for seven years."

2. I (not to speak) to him until he (to apologize).

3. Peter (to introduce) us to his friends as soon as we (to meet) them. 4. We (to go) to the station to meet Sergei when he (to come) to St. Petersburg. 5. Don't go away until mother (to come) back. Give her the note as soon as she (to come). 6. You (to go) to the library with us? — No, I .... I (to stay) here and (to help) Jane with her grammar. I (to come) to the library after I (to finish). 7. Ring me up before you (to come). 8. I (to speak) to Mary if I (to see) her today. 9. If you (to ask) me a difficult question, I (to be) nervous. If I (to be) nervous, I (to make) a mistake. If I (to make) a mistake, the other students (to laugh) at me. If the other students (to laugh) at me, I (to be) embarrassed. And if I (to be) embarrassed, I (to cry). So please don't ask me a difficult question!
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. You spill, you don't do, you will have, you break, you will have. 2. I shall 
not speak, he apologizes. 3. Peter will introduce, we meet. 4. We shall go, he 
comes. 5. Mother comes, she comes. 6. Will you go, I shan't, I shall stay, help, I 
shall come, I finish. 7. You come. 8. I shall speak, I see. 9. You ask, I shall 
be, I am, I shall make, I make, the other students will laugh, the other students 
laugh, I shall be, I am, I shall cry.
</section>