---
layout: post
title: "Упражнение 204.  Раскройте скобки, употребляя глаголы в Present Continuous или Past Continuous."
category: "tenses"
---
<section class="question">
1. I (to write) an English exercise now. 2. I (to write) an English exercise at this time yesterday. 3. My little sister (to sleep) now. 4 My little sister (to sleep) at this time yesterday. 5. My friends (not to do) their homework now. They (to play) volleyball. 6. My friends (not to do) their homework at seven o'clock yesterday. They (to play) volleyball.
7. She (to read) the whole evening yesterday.
8. She (not to read) now. 9. Now she (to go) to school. 10. What you (to do) now? — I (to drink) tea. 11. You (to drink) tea at this time yesterday? — No, I (not to drink) tea at this time yesterday, I (to eat) a banana. 12. My sister is fond of reading. She (to read) the whole evening yesterday, and now she (to read) again. 13. Look! My cat (to play) with a ball. 14. When I went out into the garden, the sun (to shine) and birds (to sing) in the trees. 15. You (to eat) ice cream now? 16. You (to eat) ice cream when I rang you up yesterday? 17. What your father (to do) now? 18. What your father (to do) from eight till nine yesterday? 19. Why she (to cry) now? 20. Why she (to cry) when I saw her yesterday?
 

<p><b>Сравните употребление Past Simple и Past Continuous</b><br><br><span>Обратите внимание на обстоятельства времени, характерные для Past Continuous:<br><br> 

at... o'clock yesterday<br><br> 
 when mother came home<br><br> 
 from 5 till 6 yesterday<br><br> 
 the whole evening<br><br> 

Обратите также внимание на следующие два предложения:<br><br> 

We played chess in the evening (вечером) — Past Simple <br><br> 
We were playing chess the whole evening - (весь вечер) — Past Continuous<br><br></span>
</p>
</section>

<section class="answer">
1. I am writing. 2. I was writing. 3. My little sister is sleeping. 4. My little sister was sleeping. 5. My friends are not doing, they are playing. 6. My friends were not doing, they were playing. 7. She was reading. 8. She is not reading. 9. She is going. 10. What are you doing, I am drinking. 11. Were you drinking, I was not drinking, I was eating. 12. She was reading, she is reading. 13. My cat is playing. 14. The sun was shining, birds were singing. 15. Are you eating. 16. Were you eating. 17. What is your father doing. l8. What was your father doing. 19. Why is she crying. 20. Why was she crying.
</section>